<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>

<!--
The Project Gutenberg EBook of The American Missionary - June 1896 by Various



This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no
restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under
the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or
online at http://www.gutenberg.org/license



Title: The American Missionary - Volume 50, No. 6, June 1896

Author: Various

Release Date: November 21, 2006 [Ebook #19890]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8
-->

<!DOCTYPE TEI.2 SYSTEM "http://www.gutenberg.org/tei/marcello/0.4/dtd/pgtei.dtd">

<TEI.2 lang="en">
<teiHeader>
 <fileDesc>
 <titleStmt>
 <title>The American Missionary - Volume 50, No. 6, June 1896</title>
 <author>Various</author>
 </titleStmt>
 <editionStmt>
  <edition n="1">Edition 1</edition>
 </editionStmt>
 <publicationStmt>
 <publisher>Project Gutenberg</publisher>
 <date value="2006-11-21">November 21,  2006</date>
 <idno type="etext-no">19890</idno>
 <availability>
 <p>This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and
 with almost no restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it
 away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg
 License online at www.gutenberg.org/license</p>
 </availability>
 </publicationStmt>

 <sourceDesc>
  <bibl>
  <title>The American Missionary - Volume 50, No. 6, June 1896</title>
  <author>Various</author>
  <imprint>
   <pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
   <publisher>The American Missionary Association</publisher>
   <date>1896</date>
  </imprint>
  </bibl>
 </sourceDesc>
 </fileDesc>

 <encodingDesc>
 <classDecl>
  <taxonomy id="lc">
  <bibl>
   <title>Library of Congress Classification</title>
  </bibl>
  </taxonomy>
 </classDecl>
 </encodingDesc>
 <profileDesc>
 <langUsage>
  <language id="en">English</language>
 </langUsage>
 <textClass>
  <classCode scheme="lc">
  *** <!-- LoC Class (PR, PQ, ...) -->
  </classCode>
  <keywords>
  <list>
   <!-- <item></item> any keywords for PG search engine -->
  </list>
  </keywords>
 </textClass>
 </profileDesc>
 <revisionDesc>
 <change>
  <date value="2006-11-21">November 21,  2006</date>
  <respStmt>
  <name>Joshua Hutchinson<lb /></name>
  <name>Online Distributed Proofreading Team</name>
  <name>This file was produced from images generously made available by Cornell University Digital Collections</name>
  </respStmt>
  <item>Project Gutenberg Edition</item>
 </change>
 </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

<pgExtensions>
  <pgStyleSheet>
    figure           { text-align: center; page-float: 'htbp' }
    .floatleft       { float: left;  margin-right: 2em }
    .floatright      { float: right; margin-left:  2em }
    .w90             { }
    .w50             { }
    .w20             { }
    .w05             { }
    @media pdf {
      .w90             { width: 90% }
      .w50             { width: 50% }
      .w20             { width: 20% }
      .w05             { width: 5% }
    }
  </pgStyleSheet>
</pgExtensions>

<text>
<front>
<div>
<divGen type="pgheader" />
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: right">
<pb n="175" /><anchor id="Pg175" />
<divGen type="titlepage" />
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: always">
<head>Contents</head>
<divGen type="toc" />
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: always">
<p>NEW YORK:</p>

<p>PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION,<lb />
Bible House, Ninth St. and Fourth Ave., New York.</p>

<p>Price, 50 Cents a Year in advance.</p>

<p>Entered at the Post Office at New York N. Y., as second-class mail matter.</p>
</div>
</front>

<body>
<div rend="page-break-before: right">
<pb n="176" /><anchor id="Pg176" />
<head>American Missionary Association.</head>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">President, Merrill E. Gates, LL.D., Mass.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Vice-presidents.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. F. A. Noble</hi>, D.D., Ill.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Henry Hopkins</hi>, D.D., Mo.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Alex. McKenzie</hi>, D.D., Mass.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Henry A. Stimson</hi>, D.D., N. Y.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Washington Gladden</hi>, D.D., Ohio.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Honorary Secretary and Editor.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. M. E. Strieby</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Corresponding Secretaries.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. A. F. Beard</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. F. P. Woodbury, D.D.</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. C. J. Ryder, D.D.</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Recording Secretary.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. M. E. Strieby</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Treasurer.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">H. W. Hubbard</hi>, Esq., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Auditors.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">George S. Hickok. </hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">James H. Oliphant.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Executive Committee.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles L. Mead</hi>, Chairman.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles A. Hull</hi>, Secretary.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">For Three Years.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Samuel Holmes</hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Samuel S. Marples</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles L. Mead</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">William H. Strong</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Elijah Horr</hi>.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">For Two Years.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">William Hayes Ward</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">James W. Cooper</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Lucien C. Warner</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Joseph H. Twichell</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles P. Pierce</hi>.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">For One Year.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles A. Hull</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Addison P. Foster</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Albert J. Lyman</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Nehemiah Boynton</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">A. J. F. Behrends</hi>.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">District Secretaries.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Geo. H. Gutterson</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">21 Cong'l House, Boston, Mass.</hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Jos. E. Roy</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">153 La Salle Street, Chicago, Ill.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Secretary of Woman's Bureau.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss D. E. Emerson</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<div>
<head>COMMUNICATIONS</head>

<p>Relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to the Corresponding
Secretaries; letters for "<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">The American Missionary</hi>," to the Editor, at the New
York Office; letters relating to the finances, to the Treasurer; letters relating to
woman's work, to the Secretary of the Woman's Bureau.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS</head>

<p>In drafts, checks, registered letters, or post-office orders, may be sent to H. W.
Hubbard, Treasurer, Bible House, New York; or, when more convenient, to either
of the Branch Offices, 21 Congregational House, Boston, Mass., or 153 La Salle
Street, Chicago, Ill. A payment of thirty dollars constitutes a Life Member.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Notice To Subscribers.</hi>--The date on the "address label" indicates the time
to which the subscription is paid. Changes are made in date on label to the 10th
of each month. If payment of subscription be made afterward the change on the
label will appear a month later. Please send early notice of change in post-office
address, giving the former address and the new address, in order that our periodicals
and occasional papers may be correctly mailed.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>FORM OF A BEQUEST.</head>

<p>"I give and bequeath the sum of ---- dollars to the 'American Missionary
Association,' incorporated by act of the Legislature of the State of New York."
The will should be attested by three witnesses.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: right">
<pb n="177" /><anchor id="Pg177" />
<index index="toc" level1="Editorial" />
<index index="pdf" level1="Editorial" />
<head>The American Missionary</head>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Vol. L.</hi><lb />
JUNE, 1896.<lb />
No. 6.</p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>The Jubilee Year Fund.</head>

<p>Extract from the appeal of the Executive Committee of the American
Missionary Association:</p>

<p rend="text-align: center; font-weight: bold">Fifty Dollars a Share.</p>

<p>It is proposed to raise during the next six months a
special Jubilee Year Fund of $100,000 in shares of $50
each, with the hope and expectation that these shares will
be taken by the friends of missions without lessening those
regular contributions which must be depended upon to sustain
the current work.</p>

<p rend="text-align: center">FORM OF A PLEDGE.</p>

<p rend="text-align: center">Share, $50.<lb />
$100,000.</p>

<p rend="text-align: center">THE JUBILEE YEAR FUND<lb />
OF THE<lb />
AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION.</p>

<p>I hereby take ..... shares (Fifty Dollars each) in the
Jubilee Year Fund of the American Missionary Association, to be
paid before the close of the fiscal year, Sept. 30, 1896.</p>

<p rend="text-align: right"><hi rend="font-style: italic">Name</hi> . . . . . . .</p>

<p rend="text-align: right"><hi rend="font-style: italic">P. O. Address</hi> . . . . . . . .</p>
</div>

<div>
<pb n="178" /><anchor id="Pg178" />
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>FIFTY-DOLLAR JUBILEE SHARES.</head>

<p>In the last number of <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">The Missionary</hi> we gave the gratifying report
of 34 shares taken for this fund, and in the present number we have the
pleasure of adding 75 more. We are fully aware of the difficulties
under which we send forth the call for responses to this much-needed
fund. Other appeals have been made, and are still pressed upon the
churches, all of them worthy of the generosity with which they are met.</p>

<p>But the ability of the churches to meet the demands of their varied
mission work is not exhausted, and the spirit of consecration among
the followers of Christ, even when self-denial must be practiced, has not
reached its limit. We therefore urge our appeal with strong confidence
that we shall not be felt to be intruders, but that we are simply
trying to fulfill the duty imposed upon us in carrying the Gospel to the
most needy and destitute in our land.</p>

<p>We must repeat the plea made by our Executive Committee that in
giving to this Jubilee Fund, the contributions for our regular work, to
which we are committed and whose claims we cannot repudiate, may
not be neglected.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>THE ACCEPTABLE MITES.</head>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Andersonville, Ga.</hi>--"Please find inclosed $2.31, which is a contribution
from our church toward paying the debt of the American
Missionary Association. It is very little, but more than I supposed
the people would raise, there is so little money in the place."</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Greenwood, S. C.</hi>--"It is a great pleasure to me to hand you herewith
bank draft for $11, which is the amount of our collection for the
Lincoln Memorial Day. I have delayed the remitting of this amount
somewhat to give others an opportunity who wished to contribute, but
were not quite ready. The amount is not large, but it is from the
people and expresses in a measure their interest in the work of the
American Missionary Association. The collection represents offerings
of the young and old from a cent to a dollar. What was done was
done with a free heart."</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>NO COLOR-LINE IN CLEVELAND.</head>

<p>The Methodist General Conference and the hotels in Cleveland, O.,
deserve great credit--the hotels for according to all delegates, regardless
of color, equal accommodations, and the Conference for its hearty
indorsement of their action. If this greatest gathering of the largest
Protestant church in America had nothing else to do, it might go with
its grand meeting from city to city securing this recognition of the
brotherhood of man. It is ardently hoped that the generous and<pb n="179" /><anchor id="Pg179" />
liberal-minded hotel keepers in Cleveland may not "backslide," and
that if any single colored delegate, clerical or lay, should come alone
to Cleveland, even before the close of the "six months' probation,"
he might not find the door closed against him.</p>

<p>The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church may be equally
useful at its meeting in Saratoga in preaching this same gospel of the
brotherhood of man, and in this case, too, permanency is very desirable,
and it is hoped, therefore, that in this event there may be the
illustration of the good old Presbyterian doctrine of the "perseverance
of the saints."</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>ORANGE PARK NORMAL AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL IN FLORIDA CLOSED BY THE SHERIFF.</head>

<p>It will be remembered that on Friday, the 10th of April, seven
teachers and two patrons of the Orange Park School, at Orange Park,
Fla., were arrested for violation of an enactment legalized a year ago
by the State Legislature under the instigation of William H. Sheats,
the State superintendent of education.</p>

<p>The enactment, which we protest is in no just sense a law, forbids
not only white and colored persons to be instructed within the same
building at the same time, but it also forbids a white principal or matron
or guardians of the school rooming or living within the same building
where their pupils are.</p>

<p>This enactment against the personal rights of education in a private
Christian school not supported or aided by the State, if sustained,
would destroy nearly all of the institutions carried on by Northern
benevolence in all of our Southern States. It would take the guardianship
of manners and morals out of the hands of those who have
planted and sustained the institutions until now, and who, in view of
the millions yet uneducated and untrained, are now needed as much
as ever. It is not surprising, therefore, that the National Council of
Congregational Churches at Syracuse in October requested the Association
to take this question to the highest courts, nor that the General
Conference of the Methodist Church in Cleveland has just passed a
resolution denouncing this iniquitous enactment, or that we are receiving
constantly from our State and local associations assurances of
sympathy and support in our contest against this reversion to barbarism.
We quote a few of the opinions which have come under our
observation.</p>

<p>From the <hi rend="font-style: italic">Congregationalist</hi>:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>"The ethics of Christ, Pilgrim traditions, and the U. S. Constitution seemed
paramount to the opinions of Florida legislators, and the highest officials of the<pb n="180" /><anchor id="Pg180" />
American Missionary Association decided to defy and test the law. That the
denomination stands back of them may be reasonably inferred from the resolution
passed by the last Triennial National Council. Let the American Missionary
Association have the sinews of war with which to employ the ablest counsel."</p>
</quote>

<p>From the <hi rend="font-style: italic">Outlook</hi>:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>"The State of Florida not long ago took action which is a disgrace to itself and
a blot on the fair fame of our republic. Let our people squarely face this issue.
While we are protesting against the treatment of missionaries in Turkey and calling
upon the Government to use all its power in their protection, Christian teachers
widely known and honored in one of the great States of this republic are arrested
simply because they presumed to instruct a few white children under the same
roof with colored children.  It is hard to speak of such conduct in mild words.
The question as to whether this is in reality a free republic is once more at issue.
The action of the State of Florida is as barbaric as the persecutions of the Middle
Ages."</p>
</quote>

<p>From the <hi rend="font-style: italic">Independent</hi>:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>"Let the reader observe that this is not a law applying merely to the public
schools of the State. Such a law we condemn, but we could not be surprised at
it. This law is directed at this particular institution, which is not a public school
but a private academy supported by the American Missionary Association. We
have been amazed that in this nineteenth century Christians could be massacred
by the thousands for not accepting the Moslem faith and no hand raised to defend
them. But that was in Turkey. Here in the United States more than thirty years
after the Proclamation of Emancipation in one of the sovereign States of the
Union, half a dozen men and women are arrested for the crime of treating black
children and white children alike, for not drawing a caste line in their own private
grounds in a school they conduct at no expense to the State. It is a curious
humiliating occurrence for this Jubilee year of the American Missionary Association."</p>
</quote>

<p>From the <hi rend="font-style: italic">Advance</hi>:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>"Florida's disgraceful Sheats law, specially designed for the teachers and
supporters of Orange Park Academy, has at last been put in force. The teachers
of the Academy, the pastor of the church, and the parents of the white pupils
have been arrested for violation of this law, which forbids any one to maintain or
patronize a school in which white persons and Negroes shall be taught or boarded
within the same building.</p>

<p>And this is the State of Senator Call, who is declaiming so eloquently in behalf
of the Cuban insurgents, more than half of whom are of Negro blood."</p>
</quote>

<p>From the <hi rend="font-style: italic">Boston Standard</hi>:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>"A year ago the unconstitutional and vile Sheats law was passed by the legislature
of Florida. It was understood that this law was particularly aimed at the
Orange Park School, of the American Missionary Association, whose fiftieth
anniversary is to be celebrated in this city next fall. This villainous statute was
enforced in the case of the Orange Park School on the entire body of teachers,
white men and women of spotless character and self-sacrificing devotion to the
mission, because of educating teachers for the elevation of American citizenship.
The normal school is one of the best and most useful of the educational agencies
at work in the South, but had dared to ignore the outrageous statute which makes
it a crime for any school, public or private, to teach black and white scholars in
the same building or have any white teachers to eat and sleep in the same house<pb n="181" /><anchor id="Pg181" />
with their Negro pupils. If these discretionary rights are not guaranteed by our
national Constitution to American citizens, then the professed abolition of slavery
and of the color line in citizenship is a wretched farce. Nobody can question the
intent of the proclamation of emancipation of the constitutional amendment
that places the Negro on the same legal plane with the white citizen of this
country. We do not doubt the supreme and binding authority of this legislature.
We mistake the temper of the American people if a blaze of indignation is not
kindled by this outrage from the Atlantic to the Pacific."</p>
</quote>

<p>From <hi rend="font-style: italic">Frank Leslie's Weekly</hi>:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>"Under these provisions no citizen of Florida, it will be noted, can under
certain conditions educate his child. He is excluded absolutely from the best
educational institutions in the State if these admit pupils of both white and
colored parentage. The defiance of the law was in obedience to a definite
determination on the part of the American Missionary Association to make a
distinct test of the statute."</p>
</quote>

<p>From the <hi rend="font-style: italic">Boston Daily Advertiser</hi>:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>"The Sheats law in Florida was passed through the influence of malice, prejudice,
and partisan venom. Efforts have been made in other Southern States to
perpetrate similar outrages, but for the most part without avail. The better public
sentiment all over the South is strongly against such meanness. This better
sentiment has asserted itself successfully elsewhere, and we do not doubt that it
will do so very soon in Florida."</p>
</quote>

<p>From the <hi rend="font-style: italic">Boston Journal</hi>:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>"The American Missionary Association will be sustained by an enlightened
public sentiment in fighting to the last resort the outrageous Florida law which
makes it a crime to teach colored and white pupils in the same school."</p>
</quote>

<p>These comments are but samples of the sentiment which comes to
the Association respecting this attempt to challenge the constitutional
amendment which came with the emancipation of the colored people
from slavery. But now there is</p>

<div>
<head>A SECOND CHAPTER.</head>

<p>After the teachers were arrested it was supposed that this would be
the end of the persecution until the statute should be tested by the
courts. Accordingly they returned to the work in the school as before.
On the 4th of May the Sheriff was instructed by the State Attorney to
inquire into this continued violation of the law, and if he found the
school to be going on as before, to arrest and rearrest, as long as the
school should be continued. In consequence the school was forced to
close its sessions, as the teachers were informed that they would be arrested
over and over again, and that new bail would be required for
every successive day; this not only for the teachers but for the patrons,
which would be impossible in the case of those who are colored.
This is in accordance with the published pronouncement of Supt.
Sheats that he will prosecute and persecute this Orange Park School
out of existence.</p>
</div>
</div>

<pb n="182" /><anchor id="Pg182" />

<div>
<head>MEMBERS OF THE ALBANY CONVENTION.</head>

<p>We are desirous of securing the names of the survivors of the little
band that gathered in Albany fifty years ago, and formed the American
Missionary Association. A few years since, we made a similar call to this
in the pages of <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">The American Missionary</hi>, but the responses were very
few. At the present date, we know of only two persons, Rev. John H.
Byrd, Lawrence, Kan., and Rev. Peter B. Thayer, Garland, Me., who
were present at that time. We hope, if there are any other survivors, they
will write to us promptly, and if there are persons whose eyes fall on
this little notice who happen to know of any person who was present at
that meeting, we will be much obliged if they will send us the name
and address.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>OUR CHURCHES.</head>

<p>We intend to present to our readers from time to time brief sketches
of some of our churches located in the South and elsewhere, with some
account of the condition of the membership as to property and education,
with glimpses of their poverty and hard struggles to support the
pastor, with occasionally the cheerful story of those who reach self-support.
On another page will be found a sketch by Pastor Snell of
the church in Talladega, Ala.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>THE TALENTED TENTH.</head>

<p>In the discussion concerning Negro education we should not forget
the talented tenth man. An ordinary education may answer for the
nine men of mediocrity; but if this is all we offer the talented tenth
man, we make a prodigious mistake. The tenth man, with superior
natural endowments, symmetrically trained and highly developed, may
become a mightier influence, a greater inspiration to others than all the
other nine, or nine times nine like them. Without disparagement of
faithful men of moderate abilities, it may be said that in all ages the
mighty impulses that have propelled a people onward in their progressive
career, have proceeded from a few gifted souls. Sometimes these
have been "self-made" men, so-called, whose best powers were evoked
by rare opportunities. Oftener, they have been men of thoroughly
disciplined minds, of sharpened perceptive faculties, trained to analyze
and to generalize; men of well-balanced judgments and power of clear
and forceful statement.</p>

<p>It is this talented tenth man of our colleges that in after years reflects
more honor on his <hi rend="font-style: italic">alma mater</hi> than the other nine; it is this tenth
man that is the recognized leader in his profession and the leader of<pb n="183" /><anchor id="Pg183" />
public opinion. To him, rather than to the other nine, the many look
for suggestion and advice in important matters. He is an uncrowned
king in his sphere.</p>

<p>This being true, I repeat that not to make proper provision for the
high education of the talented tenth man of the colored people is a
prodigious mistake. It is to dwarf the tree that has in it the potency
of a grand oak. Industrial education is good for the nine; the common
English branches are good for the nine; but that tenth man ought to
have the best opportunities for making the most of himself for humanity
and God.</p>

<p>The powers of this talented tenth man are often latent; unsuspected
by others and even by their possessor, and are evoked only under favorable
conditions, sometimes comparatively late in the youthful period
of life. In a symmetrical course of study calculated to bring into exercise
every mental faculty, somewhere, as by a touchstone, the particular
aptitude of the pupil may be discovered, the secret springs of power
be opened; and the man, having discovered himself, leaps forward to
pre-eminence among his fellows. Scores of such men and women are
among the students in the schools for the colored people of the South.
A mere common education will not disclose their uncommon powers;
they need the test of the best. And somewhere, at several central
points at least, provision should be made for the higher education of
the talented tenth as well as ordinary education for the other nine.</p>

<p>The great need of the colored people of the South is wise leadership
along all lines of development; men of large and comprehensive views
acquired by contact and communion with the world's great thinkers;
such men are needed to-day even more than nine times as many with a
little more practical knowledge concerning the use of the saw, the jack-plane
and the blacksmith's forge. In our educational work for the colored
people, therefore, proper provision should be made for the talented
tenth.--<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Dr. Morehouse</hi> in <hi rend="font-style: italic">The Independent</hi>.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>ALASKA MISSION.</head>

<p>The following sentences from a personal letter of Miss Anna L.
Dawes state a profound truth in terse and impressive form:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>"If any one is willing to go up there and live with those Eskimos, I
think the rest of us may well enough agree to help. Indeed, nothing
has been so good for me for some time as his (Mr. Lopp's) visit. It
not only makes our Christianity (mine at least) look like a mustard
seed, but makes you wonder whether it isn't a <hi rend="font-style: italic">dead</hi> seed at that! I
have been to hear Mr. Moody to-day, but he didn't begin to give me
such "conviction of sin" as the urgent and eager interest Mr. Lopp<pb n="184" /><anchor id="Pg184" />
showed in going back to his people up there. I wonder just what the
Lord does think of us all--some of us, anyway?"</p>
</quote>

<p>Mr. Lopp, whom Miss Dawes refers to, is pleading for funds to make
it possible to open the mission among the Eskimos. The American
Missionary Association was obliged to discontinue it for a year on
account of the straitened condition of the treasury. We are now making
every effort to gather funds outside of the current income of the
Association, that there may be at least one Christian mission conducted
by Congregationalists in this great northern mission field. Mr. Lopp's
plea for "<hi rend="font-style: italic">his</hi> people" and abandon of self-sacrifice both on the part of
himself and his wife, impress every one, as they did Miss Dawes.</p>

<p>This is the only mission of the Congregational denomination in
Alaska. No other denomination plans to occupy this station if given
up by the American Missionary Association. The work requires about
five hundred dollars more than has been subscribed, and this must be
in hand by the first of June, when it is necessary for Mr. Lopp to sail,
if he goes this year.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>The South.</head>
<p></p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>HISTORY OF A CHURCH IN ALABAMA.</head>

<p>BY REV. SPENCER SNELL.</p>


<p>The beautiful and healthful city of Talladega is located among the
Appalachian foot hills. The First Congregational church was organized
in the year 1868. The first members were people who came out of the
colored Baptist Church, and who had begun to look for a more intelligent
mode of worship and better religious instruction than it was
possible to have in churches whose pastors had been slaves and were
uneducated.</p>

<p>The first pastor of the church was Rev. H. E. Brown, of Ridgefield,
O., whom the American Missionary Association had sent into
the South. Since his retirement the pulpit has been occupied by
several pastors, including the acceptable services of professors of
Talladega College. My pastorate began in 1894.</p>

<p>There are friendly relations between our church and the other
colored churches near at hand. The pastor is often invited to preach
in the other churches. The pastors of two of the Baptist churches
are graduates of our school here, and the pastor of one of the Methodist
churches is now taking lessons in our seminary.</p>

<p>The present membership of the church is 219. Many of them are
poor students who have to be helped through school. The resident<pb n="185" /><anchor id="Pg185" />
members have but very little money. With one or two exceptions they
receive small pay for what they do. Those who have trades find but
little here to do and have to go away to get employment. Among the
male members of the church are farmers, mechanics, etc., and among
the females those who do laundry work, sewing, etc. Several of these
women take the washing of families home and work very hard for a
very little money with which to subsist their families, buy books, and
pay tuition for their children in Talladega College.</p>

<p>There are about thirty-five members of the church who own their
homes, and about eleven who rent the places where they live. Several
of the homes owned by the members of the church are fairly comfortable
for Southern homes, having from two to seven rooms. None of
them are costly. I do not suppose that one of them cost $1,000.
Neither is the furniture in them costly. Scarcely any of them have
carpets on their floors. They look upon carpets as a luxury which they
cannot afford. Plaster on the walls is almost as rare as carpets on the
floors. In some cases there is not a rocking-chair in the house. The
furniture they have is of a very ordinary kind.</p>

<p>The people have but very little money and are obliged to struggle
long and hard to get a little place to call home, in many cases buying
the lumber and hiring the carpenter on credit. This being the case, it
takes them years and years to pay for the little homes. The homes
vary from the fairly comfortable to the wretched. It is noticeable that
those who have had the advantages of an education have better homes
than those who have no education.</p>

<p>There comes to mind as I write one very miserable home in which
both the parents are ignorant. There are three rooms to the house not
nearly so comfortable as the places where Northern farmers keep their
horses and cattle. There is neither stove nor grate in the house, but
simply some rocks on each side of the open fireplace on which they
lay the green wood, by which they sit and shiver while the cold winds
blow through the cracks in the floor and sides of the house. There are
six children and only two excuses for beds. One of these has on it a
tick, the other has a pile of dirty rags. There is not a whole table or
chair in the house.</p>

<p>And yet, these people, like many others just as poor as they, are trying
to educate their children. They believe that in Christian education
lies the only redemption from this condition for them and their race,
through their children, who are enjoying privileges that were denied to
them.</p>

<p>There are not more than a dozen individuals in the church who are
earning a comfortable living. More than that number did so when
times were better, but now there is not much for them to do except conduct<pb n="186" /><anchor id="Pg186" />
very poor farms, on which they cannot earn enough to make
themselves comfortable.</p>

<p>There have been very few years in the history of the church when it
did not have a revival of religion. Of late it has been the custom to
have two series of special services each year--one during the winter,
while the school is in session, and another during the summer vacation.
Effort is made each year to have all the students converted. Of all
the young people who have graduated here only two have left without
being professing Christians.</p>

<p>The growth of the church has not been rapid, but steady. During
the days of slavery the colored people were members of the churches
to which their masters belonged. None of them belonged to Congregational
churches, and so, when Congregationalism came to the South
after the war, it was entirely new to the former slaves and to those who
had been their masters.</p>

<p>The masses of the children and the young people still cling to the
churches which their parents were taught to love. It will, therefore,
be some time before Congregationalism will grow rapidly in the South.
The church has no building of its own, and no parsonage, but worships
in the chapel of Talladega College. The building in which the chapel
is located was erected by the white Baptists of the Coosa Valley Association
before the war as a college for their sons. Some of the old
slaves who helped to put up the building lived to see freedom, to see
the building come into the hands of the American Missionary Association,
and to see their own children study and graduate in it.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>MEETINGS AMONG THE HILLS AND AT A CONVICT CAMP.</head>

<p>BY REV. H. E. PARTRIDGE.</p>

<p>Perhaps nowhere is a religious meeting made more of than in the
hill country of the South. There are reasons <hi rend="font-style: italic">and</hi> reasons for the fact.
Take a real, genuine Methodist or Baptist matron, or brother, of fifty,
and they love Christ and His cause, and do not fail to associate their
love for Him and the work with the gathering in His name. If it be
possible, they will be in attendance when "the parson" comes round.
The girls love to go; some because they, too, are learning to love the
service of the Master, some because they have no other so good opportunity
to see and be seen, and others because everybody else goes.
Where the girls and young ladies are sure to be, there the boys and
young men are apt to be; and so it comes that when the meeting, especially
the "big meeting," is to be held, the people throng. And if
you want to see a genuine democracy, untainted by any kind of aristocracy,
you could not find it better illustrated than among the hills,<pb n="187" /><anchor id="Pg187" />
at meeting time, in some log "church-house." No Sir Wonderful to
claim best pew, no usher to give you the place <hi rend="font-style: italic">he</hi> chooses. You come
with your wife and, following the custom, she goes to the left, you to
the right. I will not describe the service. The singing varies from a
wonderful chorus of praise that lacks nothing in volume in one neighborhood,
to the nasal-twanged hymn which some incompetent leader
sings almost alone in some other community. The old songs predominate,
but any brisk moving song of work of praise or progress easily
becomes a favorite, when once it has been sung long enough so that
the words and movement are mastered by a few.</p>

<p>You will not be long in any big meeting or revival service before you
will hear:</p>

<lg>
<l rend="margin-left: 2">"Mother has a home, sweet home,</l>
<l rend="margin-left: 2">Mother has a home, sweet home,</l>
<l rend="margin-left: 2">Mother has a home, sweet home.</l>
<l rend="margin-left: 2">Lord, I want to join the angels; beautiful home."</l>
</lg>

<p>This is varied. Now it is Brother, Father, Preacher, or Sister who
has a home.</p>

<p>You may not know the tune or words, but it will not be long before
you are singing with the rest, if you are a participator or worshiper,
and not that horrid and heartless thing, a critical looker-on.</p>

<p>You know of the hand-shaking? If a sinner seeks to enter the
Christian life, he comes, on invitation of the minister, to shake hands
at the close of, or during, the service. And often service closes with an
all-round-hand-shake. There is a song started, like "Say, Brother, will
you meet me?" or some simple devotional hymn, and all rise and shake
hands all around, singing or praying, or speaking gently one to another.</p>

<p>Ah! many a feud has sunk forever, many an unpleasantness has been
forgotten, many a half-ripe quarrel has been strangled, and many a
friendship has been strengthened and ripened in these services of emotion
and love, those hand-shakings of the Mountaineers. The blessings
of the peacemakers should be his who first introduced the service.</p>

<p>Among other invitation hymns I have heard, I remember vividly:</p>

<lg>
<l rend="margin-left: 2">"Sinner, you are welcome, Yes, Yes, welcome</l>
<l rend="margin-left: 2">To the dying lamb."</l>
</lg>

<p>This, too, is varied. "Seeker," "Brother," "Sister," and "Everybody's
welcome" being sung.</p>

<p>I could tell of parts I do not like, of excitements the reverse of helpful
to my devotional feelings, and of loudness mistaken for piety or
zeal, but so could others criticise the services at Dr. Cuyler's or Dr.
Storrs's church. I prefer to speak of the really good.</p>

<p>May I tell you of a unique service? It was at the Convict Camp,
near Baker's X Roads, in Cumberland County, Tenn.</p>

<pb n="188" /><anchor id="Pg188" />

<p>No need to ring the bell--the congregation are assembled, and armed
guards are standing by lest someone should escape. Still a bell was
tapped. Silence at once.</p>

<p>"Boys," I said, "when I was here before you kindly asked me to
come and speak to you again. I am here. Before I speak I want to
have you sing. Will you sing?" A moment's pause, and in the rich
tones which the colored people so often have, there rang out from
scores of throats, one of those weird songs of the race. It was of chariots
and heaven, of songs and praises, and of Jesus the King. I cannot
reproduce or describe it. I prayed for a blessing on our service, and
several responded with apparently as fervent "Amen" as ever came
from Camp Meeting or Altar service. Then I read passages, closing
with a part of Romans 6: from the twenty-third verse. I spoke briefly
of "The wages of sin, and of the gift of God." I almost fear I was
harsh. Poor fellows--they were criminals, but who is not guilty, before
God, of violations of Divine law?</p>

<p>As I pleaded for the starting of a better life, as I spoke of their
families, as I said "Some of you will be through with prison life soon,"
as I talked of honesty, sobriety, and purity, there were moist eyes.
I asked for an expression at the close. All who will accept Jesus
Christ, and from this very hour live for Him, and with the strength
he gives try to forget the grievances you have thought to revenge;
try to love and serve one another here, in Christ's name, and others
when released; strive to do your work faithfully; in short, try to do
what you think Christ would want you to do--first, give me your hand,
and then kneel with me in prayer. Through the chinks and crevices
of the stockade a score of men thrust their hands, eager to respond
to the invitation, and many knelt in prayer.</p>

<p>How much was make-believe? How much was genuine? The
Searcher of hearts alone knows. Sowing by all waters, I am willing
to leave results with God.</p>

<p>Another song, and then "Good-bye, boss!" "Good-bye, Captain!"
"Come again, preacher!"</p>

<p>The days were weeks, and then! Criminal carelessness, perhaps.
A premature explosion of dynamite and powder combined on the railroad,
and six of these men had been discharged. Dead! A rough
grave beside the track, God knows the rest. They were convicts,
they were blacks, but they were my brothers and yours, children of
one Father.</p>

<p>I was tired that Sunday, but I am glad God let me go and give them
another invitation to the Christ-life. Perhaps in some other time and
place I shall talk over that service among the boys in black at Convict
Camp, with a soul in white over there. Who knows?</p>
</div>

<div>
<pb n="189" /><anchor id="Pg189" />
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>A BRIGHT AND CANDID VIEW OF OUR MOUNTAIN WORK.</head>

<p>The following letter comes from a member of the "Andover Band,"
three of whom entered the work among the American Highlanders last
year. It is the first band of theological students organized in any of
our seminaries for work in the field of the American Missionary Association.
It was a very interesting movement and worthy the seminary
that has sent out bands into other parts of the country which have
accomplished great results.</p>

<p>The testimony is set forth by Prof. John C. Campbell, a cultured
young man, who looks on this interesting work with a fresh vision and
gives opinions well balanced respecting this field and others.</p>

<p>It should be said that the letter was not written for publication.</p>

<milestone unit="tb" />

<p>The year has been trying and wearing, but I take great satisfaction
in knowing that much has been accomplished. We have established
ourselves in the hearts of the people, I believe, and have the respect
and co-operative interest of the best men in this and adjoining counties,
so I hope for great things in the future if our friends in the North will
only help us.</p>

<p>Suspicion has given way to confidence, and I may even fire broadsides
at the tobacco habit now, even if it hits home. They are a trying,
promising, and loveable people. I admire those of my classmates who
have heard the voice of God (not the prompting of inclination) calling
them to remain in dear old hair-splitting New England; but, while I
admire their bravery, I am sorry for them, for it must seem as if they
were striking in the air. Here we see the enemy, and can strike
directly at him, and one has some satisfaction in getting weary and sick
at heart in fighting at great odds against a visible power instead of the
more subtle powers "of the air." But I digress! It is such a temptation
to let myself out when communicating with one who understands
this discouraging, fascinating, and encouraging work. This year's
work has given me experience, as well as gray hair, and even if my
labors in the South should terminate this year, I should feel that I had
gained a great deal. I wish that all Northerners could come to know
the best element of the South, and show their magnanimity as victors
by helping the American Missionary Association do the work which
alone will make a new South. To me the South presents a touching
but heroic picture as she struggles nobly, but somewhat uncertainly,
toward the light, still the victim of her cavalier training, still held back
by the poor black and the poor white, the products of her accursed
institution. Now that is all abolished, she needs help from the
North. I doubt if we in the North would be any better had we been<pb n="190" /><anchor id="Pg190" />
placed in the same environment, and our superiority may be due as
much to soil, climate, and the consequent unprofitableness of slave
labor, as to our Puritan ancestry.</p>

<p>The tide of immigration is beginning to turn toward this State from
Georgia, and many coming from the Dakotas. The mass of ignorance
is appalling. I realize in part, I think, the difficulty of getting the
needs of the whites before a sympathizing audience. When it comes to
a white man's needs and his condition, too many church members and
others substitute the scientific theory of the survival of the fittest for
Christ's law of love. They forget too, I fear, that many of these people
in the mountains are victims of slavery as innocent as the Negro;
and they do not see that their indifference is letting them lie in the hard
bed which circumstances, largely beyond their control, have made for
them. If they will only give us money, "greenbacks," if need be, and
enable us to get the young out of bed on their intellectual and spiritual
feet, I shall be satisfied. And if our Congressmen and politicians
would bury the "Bloody Shirt," and stop throwing stones over Mason
and Dixon's fence, and out of their personal means give, what is too
often given uselessly, to the Association and other similar Boards, the
questions which spring from sectional prejudice would soon be solved.
I do believe that what the American Missionary Association stands for
is the panacea for all political and social ills.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>REVIVALS.</head>
<p></p>

<div>
<head>CHARLOTTE, N.C.</head>

<p>BY REV. GEO. H HAINES.</p>

<p>We are in the midst of a glorious revival. Rev. James Wharton was
with us six days. What wonderful help he has been to our work during
his stay with us. We had eleven hopeful conversions. We continued
our meetings after he left us, and our total number of conversions is
twenty. Among the persons who have left the ways of sin and turned
into the way of life are two very remarkable cases. A woman of about
fifty years of age, a drunkard and one of the most profane women in our
city, asked the people of God to pray for her. It seemed hard for her
to understand the simple plan of salvation, and that the Lord Jesus
would save her if she would believe. The evening after Mr. Wharton
left she received the evidence of her conversion. I can never tell how
the news of this woman's conversion spread over the city. It created
as much excitement as the news of the man who was found by our
Saviour among the tombs. Crowds came to our services to see if the
news was true, and when they heard the testimony for Christ they
rejoiced with us.</p>

<pb n="191" /><anchor id="Pg191" />

<p>The other is a man of about the same age, who has been a great
disbeliever in the word of God, though his wife was a member of our
church. He was a very strong man in all the societies in the city. He
has been led out of darkness into light. The people say: "God bless
Mr. Wharton." Our Sunday-school has grown wonderfully in the last
month. Indeed, every department of our church work is looking up.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>BEAUFORT, N.C.</head>

<p>BY REV. J.P. SIMS.</p>

<p>Evangelist Wharton's visit did us a great deal of good. Not only
have souls been converted, but the church has been edified. In the
revival there were six hopeful conversions, and four joined our church,
among them a very promising young man.</p>

<p>Our people are becoming more and more willing to divide their little
mite with the church. They make a special effort once a month to
help raise the pastor's salary by giving what they call a "surprise
party," bringing packages of flour, sugar, coffee, meal, rice, fish, etc.,
for which I give them credit. Sometimes the unconverted are with
them. They come in singing, fill the table, then a prayer, and return
at once, singing as they go. By this process we are able to send in a
better report than we have been doing.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>CENTRAL CHURCH, NEW ORLEANS, LA.</head>

<p>BY REV. JOHN W. WHITTAKER.</p>

<p>We have just passed through a precious season of revival. We
began a series of meetings during the week of prayer. God's presence
and blessing were manifestly with us, so we were constrained to
continue them another week, holding meetings every night. Fifteen
were turned to God. Nine of them have united with our church
and have begun service for the Master. The meetings were
well attended, and our whole church was stirred up to more faithful
work for God and humanity. Our church is steadily increasing in
strength. Almost every Sabbath some one is taken into membership.
We have on our books nearly two hundred and fifty people who have
pledged themselves to give weekly on an average ten cents or more
toward the support of the church. We love the American Missionary
Association, and appreciate all that it is doing for us. We need its aid
just now. We cannot get on without it. But we do not mean to make
what you do for us an excuse for doing less for ourselves.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div>
<pb n="192" /><anchor id="Pg192" />
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>ITEMS FROM THE FIELD.</head>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Denominational Fraternity.</hi>--From High Point, N. C., we have
the following:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>One of the great hindrances to the evangelization of the colored people
in the South is the constant flaunting of denominational banners by
ignorant and unprincipled preachers. But I am happy to say, that at
our special services on Lincoln Memorial Day, this spirit of evil was
buried in High Point, at least for one day. It was pleasant to see
Methodists, Baptists, and Congregationalists working harmoniously
together to make the occasion successful. One brother and wife gave
us 45 cents, and the pastor of the Baptist Church, after speaking a
word in behalf of the American Missionary Association came forward
and deposited a quarter on the table, at the same time urging his members
to give liberally to help it overcome its great burden of debt. I
am pleased also to note the self-denial of two faithful members, a
mother and daughter of our own church, who out of their poverty
gave 50 cents each. Both of these good women are out in service, and
although their earnings are very small, they never give less than
25 cents each whenever special efforts are made to raise money for the
support of the work.</p>
</quote>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Grateful Remembrances of the Past.</hi>--Rev. James Brown, of
Anniston, Ala., recalls some memories of the past:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>When we met as a church on October 22, to pray for the success
of the American Missionary Association, it was touching to hear the
testimony of people from thirty-five to fifty years of age as to the self-sacrificing
spirit of the missionaries of the American Missionary Association,
as they came from Talladega to this section more than twenty-five years ago. Some told how the missionaries had to hide from
place to place to keep out of the reach of the Ku Klux, the speakers
being almost eye-witnesses to the murder of Mr. Luke, a few miles
from this place. If some of our Northern friends could have heard the
words of gratitude for the work of the American Missionary Association,
and seen the tears of joy over what has been accomplished, they
would know that their labors and gifts had not been in vain.</p>
</quote>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Liberal Giving from a Small Income.</hi>--Rev. A. L. DeMond, of
Lowell, N. C., writes:</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p>The people have had a heavy burden upon them during the
hard times of these winter months when there is so little for
them to do in the way of earning money. Of their little means
they give freely and gladly. Many of them are paid for their work in
provisions at the stores so that they do not receive much money. One
poor woman said to me: "I can always give a little something because<pb n="193" /><anchor id="Pg193" />
I get <hi rend="font-style: italic">forty cents every week</hi> for my washing." She lives in a little log
cabin, through the sides of which the wind often whistles, but every
Sunday she gives something for the church of Christ.</p>
</quote>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">A Poor Woman's Fine Feeling.</hi>--One day last year our laundress
sent her oldest boy, a lad fourteen years of age, on an errand. He was
gone an hour or more longer than she expected him to be. Upon his
return she asked him what he had been doing all that time. He told
her that an expressman had been run away with, and had been quite
badly hurt. He had helped get the man into a store, had gone for a
doctor, and had done all that he could for him. When he left him the
man told him to go to his office the next day and he would give him
something. The boy's mother at once said that he mustn't think of
taking anything for what he had done for the man when he was in
trouble.</p>

<p>Who can say that the colored people are incapable of fine feeling?
This poor woman was certainly not so well provided with this world's
goods that she had no use for money. On the contrary, she was a
widow, with a family of five children that she had kept together and
had sent to school at the cost of much sacrifice and years of hard work
at the washtub.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>The Indians.</head>
<p></p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>REVIVAL--LIBERAL CONTRIBUTIONS.</head>

<p>MISS M. C. COLLINS, FORT YATES, N. DAK.</p>

<p>I am sure you will be glad to hear of the great, may I say "revival,"
which seems to be upon us. On March 1 at our regular communion we
received into the church fifteen adults, and there were eight marriages
and nine children baptized. Six of these people came from Flying-By
region (Miss Lord's people). She is rejoicing. One, Swift Cloud, and
his wife, are a middle-aged couple, who lived here when I first came to
this village. They are a good addition to our force. Then Two-Runs
and his wife are two good people, Miss Lord's near neighbors, and will
be a great help to her. The others uniting came from my village, and
we now have only two men and their wives in this village who are not
in the church. Bird-Dog, another of Miss Lord's people, and his wife
and sister have given me their names as candidates for membership at
the next communion. The Y. M. C. A. down there are hauling logs to
build a place to meet in. The little cabin we put up is already too
small.</p>

<p>Our contributions for Native Missionary work, from October 1 to
March 1, all told, on Standing Rock Agency, are $206.47.</p>

<pb n="194" /><anchor id="Pg194" />

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<row>
<cell>Women's Missionary Societies have given</cell><cell rend="text-align: right">$107.20</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Y. M. C. A.</cell><cell rend="text-align: right">57.99</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Grand River Church</cell><cell rend="text-align: right">21.78</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Standing Rock Church</cell><cell rend="text-align: right">19.50</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Elkhorn (on Grand River), the Women's Society</cell><cell rend="text-align: right">45.65</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Y. M. C. A.</cell><cell rend="text-align: right">26.39</cell>
</row>
</table>

<p>Beside this our church here has given about $15 to the Lincoln
Memorial Fund for the Association and $10 to buy table and chairs for
the pulpit. Our Christians are going from house to house to pray with
the sick, and many of these people are being brought to Christ through
this means. On communion Sunday we opened the folding doors and
yet the church was so full that three of us sat down on the little platform
behind the pulpit.</p>

<p>I forgot to tell you that aside from this $206 we raised $200 to build
a chapel at One Bull's, where Elias was. The house is too little.</p>

<p>We are not "lazy, good-for-nothing Indians, fit only for the soldiers'
target." We are men and women struggling against clannishness and
superstition--against evil without and within--reaching up to you who
know the blessedness of the Light of the Gospel, asking you to reach
down, down into our dark lives and lift us up. Let us get a glimpse
on this side of the beauties of Heaven.</p>

<p>We need your help, and bye and bye we will join your forces and
help you to gather with God's fold other tribes and nations who know
not God. Do not cut us down this spring. It will break our hearts
with discouragement.</p>

<p>God help people to hear our prayer. We shake hands with God's
people in the name of Jesus Christ our Saviour.</p>

<p>P.S.--Three of the people outside the church in this village have
given me their names as candidates for church membership at the May
communion.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" level1="Crow Agency, Montana" />
<index index="pdf" level1="Crow Agency, Montana" />
<head></head>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Crow Agency, Montana.</hi>--The growth of the missionary work
among the Indians at the Crow Agency, Montana, is very encouraging.
Recent reports from this field bring information of large gatherings in
the religious services, and in the church services and Sunday-school.
Our missionary, Rev. J. G. Burgess, is planning to spend several weeks
this summer among the camps on the prairies to which the Indians
withdraw during the warmer months. A chapel is very much needed
at this mission in order to afford a place for religious gatherings and
such instruction as the missionary and his wife are able to give these
Indians. This mission of the American Missionary Association is the
only Protestant mission among the entire Crow tribe.</p>
</div>
</div>

<pb n="195" /><anchor id="Pg195" />

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>The Chinese.</head>
<p></p>

<div>
<head>THE OROVILLE MISSION.</head>

<p>BY REV. W.C. POND, D.D.</p>

<figure url="images/image01.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>New Years Cake.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: New Years Cake.</figDesc></figure>

<p>The cake of which we give a picture is more than a monument to the
artistic cookery of which some of our brethren there are capable. It
was made in a sort of Christian competition with the rude and senseless
operations by
which their idol-worshiping
countrymen
observed
their great annual
festival. And on
Salvation Army
principles, though
not after their
methods, it called
the attention of
multitudes both of
Chinese and Americans
to the Mission
House and the
Mission work and
the Saviour for
whom our brethren
were eager to bear
witness. They did
not confine their
attention to cake-making
nor express
their loyalty to
Christ in that way
alone, but made up
a very respectable
sum, which, as "New Year's Gifts to Jesus," they placed in our
treasury.</p>

<p>The picture, as we are able to give it in our magazine, is not large
enough to show all the points of interest about this cake. It represents,
of course, a Chinese pagoda, but with the idols omitted. Possibly
there is in it a little symbolism of <hi rend="font-style: italic">ascent</hi>--the excelsior spirit which
comes from new life in Christ. Beginning at the shell foundation, we
see two cards which bear in Chinese an inscription literally translated<pb n="196" /><anchor id="Pg196" />
thus: "Eyes see; hands must not touch." Above this were the more
abrupt or pointed English words: "Hands off." Over the door at the
head of the steps is a framed inscription: "Happy New Year, 1896."
In what might be called the second story there is another inscription,
which, being interpreted, reads: "Blessed News Chapel"--<hi rend="font-style: italic">i.e.</hi>, Gospel
Chapel--while on the right post are characters which, literally translated,
mean: "Blessed Land: good cultivating"--<hi rend="font-style: italic">i.e.</hi>, to good cultivation
this happy land yields large returns. On the left-hand post the
characters literally translated mean: "News Chapel: righteous pastor:
forms intimate friends"--<hi rend="font-style: italic">i.e.</hi>, the righteous pastor of this Gospel Chapel
makes warm friends.</p>

<p>On either side of the cake are Chinese New Year's lilies (narcissus)
growing to perfection in saucers supplied with nothing except clean
pebbles and pure water--these are said to symbolize purity and mercy.
Above the lilies rise great clusters of artificial flowers, which also have
some symbolical import; I am unable to say what.</p>

<p>This will be a good place to say a few words about this mission,
which has now been in existence for more than twenty years. During
all this period it has occupied, <hi rend="font-style: italic">rent free</hi>, a small brick building belonging
to our ex-Governor and United States Senator, Hon. George C.
Perkins, who began his wonderfully successful career in this town of
Oroville. He has not even required us to pay the taxes upon it, and
when a rumor reached my ears that his agent had received an offer for
the purchase of it, Mr. Perkins kindly assured me that we should have
the first chance to buy it, and he would help us out by a generous donation.
That's the sort of man he is.</p>

<p>There has always been a large Chinese population engaged mainly
in mining, whose headquarters were at Oroville. When our mission
was established the number was estimated at not less than twenty-five
hundred. Chinatown was quite extensive and all its frail structures
swarmed, like bee-hives, with inhabitants. There are no such throngs
now, but there are still people enough to call forth the most and the
best that we can do for them.</p>

<p>A large number of Chinese have here been turned from idol-worship
to the love of Jesus. I have at hand no means of scanning the
long roll--reaching up to many hundreds--of those who have for
longer or shorter periods been brought here to know something of
Christ. And the frequent change of teachers has rendered impossible
any adequate statement of results. Among those whom I specially
remember are three Yongs: One, Yong Jim, an unusually well-educated
man who, after being a missionary helper in several of our fields,
returned to China, and has done gospel-work there in connection with
the American Board; another, Yong Kay, was a delegate from California<pb n="197" /><anchor id="Pg197" />
to the great convention of the Y. P. S. C. E. in Boston, and
made several addresses there, which were well received. He is now
preaching the Word in that city. Yet another of the same family has
been for several years a leader in Christian work among the Chinese in
New York. The Christians in California and elsewhere belonging to
this family have a little missionary work of their own among their
relatives in China in addition to what they do through our Chinese
Missionary Society. The work at Oroville is now in excellent hands.
We have a good helper--intelligent, wise, steadfast--who almost
wholly supports himself, drawing but five dollars per month from our
treasury, and giving back a goodly portion of this. The teachers are
faithful and earnest, and I rejoice to add that for several years our
church in that town has recognized its responsibility for this work, has
given it the right hand of fellowship, and has aided it with generous
gifts.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>Jubilee Year Fund, Additional Shares.</head>

<p>Rev. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Milo N. Miles</hi>, Iowa City, Ia.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">First Congregational Sunday School</hi>, East Orange, N. J.</p>

<p>Miss <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">M. F. Aiken</hi>, Maiden, Mass.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mary R. Englesby</hi>, Burlington, Vt.</p>

<p>Rev. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Geo. W. Reed</hi> and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Wife</hi>, Fort Yates, N. D.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">E. A. Goodnow</hi>, Worcester, Mass., two shares.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Broadway Congregational Church</hi>, Norwich, Conn., twenty shares.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Congregational Church</hi>, Watertown, Conn.</p>

<p>Judge <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Wm. H. Upson</hi>, Akron, O.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Trinitarian Cong'l Ch.</hi>, Norton, Mass., four shares.</p>

<p>Rev. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">J. E. Roy</hi>, D.D., Chicago, Ill.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">A. B. Ross</hi>, Cambridgeboro, Pa.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Arthur's Mission</hi>, Millbury, Mass., two shares.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Horace Tracey Pitkin</hi>, New Hartford, Conn.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Emma P. Shumway</hi>, Groton, Mass.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Augusta S. Thurston</hi>, Whitinsville, Mass.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">High St. Congregational Church</hi>, Auburn, Me.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">First Congregational Society</hi>, Keene, N. H.</p>

<p>Dea. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">M. M. Fisher</hi>, Medway, Mass.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">E. Fisher Richardson</hi>, Medway, Mass.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Harriet P. Somers</hi>, Boston, Mass.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">From a Friend in Memory of Her Mother</hi>, Boston, Mass.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">M. N. Phelps</hi>, Foxboro, Mass.</p>

<p>Dr. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">R. N. Baughman</hi>, Marseilles, Ill., two shares.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Windham Conference</hi> of Connecticut.</p>

<pb n="198" /><anchor id="Pg198" />

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mary R. Cummings</hi>, for heirs of W. H. Cummings, two shares.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">A. L. Bayley</hi>, Amesbury, Mass.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Congregational Sunday School and Departments</hi>, Flushing, N. Y.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Lucy S. Connor</hi>, Henniker, N. H.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">John P. Jube</hi>, Newark, N. J.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Sarah C. Kellogg</hi>, in memory of her Father, Rev. E. J. Comings, Kingsville, O.</p>

<p>Miss <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Abby W. Turner</hi>, Randolph, Mass., two shares.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Congregational Church and Departments</hi>, Grand View, Tenn.</p>

<p>Rev. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">J. G. Burgess</hi> and Wife, Crow Agency, Mont.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">By a Friend</hi> in memory of Rev. J. H. Stearns, D.D., Epping, N. H.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">A Member of South Church</hi>, Salem, Mass.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Nelson Valentine</hi>, in memory of Mrs. R. W. Valentine, New Gloucester, Me.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Congregational Church</hi>, Auburndale, Mass.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Julia E. Brick</hi>, Brooklyn, N. Y.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Gloucester Evangelical Congregational Society</hi>, Chepachet, R. I.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">John H. Washburn</hi>, New York.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Geo. W. Marston</hi>, San Diego, Cal.</p>

<p>Mrs. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Anna Lee Marston</hi>, San Diego, Cal.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">James A. Smith</hi>, Osage, Iowa.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">S. B. French</hi>, Chicago, Ill.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">South Church</hi>, Salem, Mass., two shares.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Norfolk Conference</hi>, Mass.</p>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Previously reported,</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">34</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Subscriptions reported above,</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Total number of shares reported,</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">109</cell>
</row>
</table>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>RECEIPTS FOR APRIL, 1896.</head>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">THE DANIEL HAND FUND</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">For the Education of Colored People</hi>.</p>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<row>
<cell>Income for April</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$1,100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Previously acknowledged</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">31,307.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$32,407.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">==========</cell>
</row>
</table>
</div>

<div>
<head>CURRENT RECEIPTS.</head>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MAINE, $417.24.</head>

<row>
<cell>Alfred. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Auburn. High St. Cong. Ch. (50 of which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi>)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">57.81</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Auburn. Sixth St. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Auburn. Sixth St. Cong. Ch., B. of C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Andersonville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Belfast. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Biddeford. "Friends" in Pavillion Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brewer. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bridgton. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bridgton. Mrs. Julia P. Hall, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to Grand View, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bucksport. S.S. Class by M.S. Blodgett, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.13</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cumberland Center. Helping Hand Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Otisfield. Mrs. Susan K. Loring</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Eastport. Central Cong. Ch., 5.50;
  Jun. End. Soc. Central Cong. Ch., 1;
  Lincoln Mem. Day Offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington. Miss. C.N. Bixby, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Gardiner. Marietta Parshley, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hallowell. Ladies' Prayer Circle, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<pb n="199" /><anchor id="Pg199" />

<row>
<cell>Kennebunk. Union Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">46.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Litchfield Corners. Cong. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Portland. "To help pay the debt"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Portland. Class in S. S. Second Parish Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Portland. Y. P. S. C. E. Bethel Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Lincoln Acad., King's Mountain, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Berwick.  Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Gardiner. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Standish. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Vinal Haven. Miss Minnie A. Whitten, 5;
  Mrs. Carrie L. Paige, 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wells. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Yarmouth. First Parish Church</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Maine Woman's Aid to A. M. A., by Mrs. Ida V. Woodbury, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Albany. Mrs. H. G. Lovejoy, 3;
     Mrs J.E. Bird, 1;
     ----, 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Biddeford. Pavilion Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Lewiston. Pine St. Ch. (10 of which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Straight U.</hi>)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Portland. Bethel Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------- 63.10</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEW HAMPSHIRE, $533.68.</head>

<row>
<cell>Alstead Center. Cong. Ch. Sab. Sch., 2.68;
  Ladies' Circle, 2.32</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Atkinson. Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.17</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Concord. First Cong. Ch. (8 of which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for the Debt</hi>) to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">John C. Richards, Louis B. Tebau</hi>, and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Ann G. Clark</hi> L.M.'s</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.88</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Concord. "Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Durham. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Derry. Mrs. Day, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Derry. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C., freight paid <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Epping. Cong. Ch., 6.23;
  Mrs. Shepherd's S. S. Class, 5</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.23</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Epping. Two Bbls. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Exeter. Second Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">41.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hampstead. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hancock. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hinsdale. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.58</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Keene. First Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Meriden.  Florence Robinson, Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nashua. Pilgrim Ch., 123.44 to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Jessie A. Plummer</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss M. E. Emerson</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. A. K. Woodbury</hi> and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">H. E. Kendall</hi> L.M.'s;
   Y. P. S. C. E. of Pilgrim Ch., 30 to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">William Jennings</hi> L.M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">153.44</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newfields. Miss H. L. Fitts, Col., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">33.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newmarket. Thos. H. Wiswall</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newport. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">36.18</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Penacook. C.H. Saunders, Case New Boots and Shoe <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rye. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Concord. L. M. S. of Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Hampshire Female Cent. Inst. and Home Missionary Union, Miss A. A. McFarland, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  West Concord Y. L. M. Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>VERMONT, $271.85.</head>

<row>
<cell>Brattleboro. Center Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">99.67</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brattleboro. Mrs. C. B. Rice, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Burlington. First Ch., Mrs. Mary R. Engelesby, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Burlington. Cong. Ch., Box Goods, Freight paid, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chelsea. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Essex Juction. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.89</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fairlee. "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jeffersonville. Second Cong. Ch. of Cambridge</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newport. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Mrs B. B. Newton</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Peacham. Cong. Ch. and S. S., adl., "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Putney. Ladies' Aid Soc., of Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Quechee. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.81</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rutland. John Howard</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Vergennes. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Randolph. Susan E. Albin</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williamstown. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williston. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.93</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MASSACHUSETTS, $5,068.95.</head>

<row>
<cell>Abington. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Amherst. South Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.39</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Arlington. Mrs. E. T. Hillard, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ballardvale. Union Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Berlin. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.21</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Boston. Union Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">211.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>    Old South Ch., adl.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">115.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>    Old South Ch., Miss C. M. Clapp, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>    Mrs. Harriet P. Somers, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>    Wm. Shaw, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">35.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Charlestown. Winthrop Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">35.68</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Dorchester. Second Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">96.34</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Dorchester. Mrs. Jacob Fullerton</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Jamaica Plain.  Boylston Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">38.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Roxbury. Eliot Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">131.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------- 763.63</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Boxford. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Braintree. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.83</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brockton.  "Cottage Prayer Circle" of Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brookline. Harvard Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">103.77</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Buckland.  Ladies of  Cong. Ch., Bbl. of C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Macon, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridgeport. Prospect St. Cong. Ch., 87.06;
  Pilgrim Cong. Ch., 25.29;
  Mrs. Mary E. Hidden, 5</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">117.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridgeport. Y. P. S. C. E. of Pilgrim Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Carlisle. C. E. Soc., by Mrs W. B. Chamberlin, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Saluda Sem., N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Charlton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cohasset. Ladies of Cong. Ch., Bbl. of C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Macon, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Concord Junction. Union Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Conway. Cong. Ch. and Sab. Sch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">41.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dedham. Sab. Sch. First Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp., Fort Berthold, N. D.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.47</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dunstable. Cong. Ch., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. James E. Weston</hi> L.M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Bridgewater. Union Cong. Ch., Extra Cent a day Band</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Enfield. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fall River. Central Cong. Ch., adl.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Falmouth. North Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Florence. Florence Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Foxboro. Mrs M. N. Phelps, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Framingham. Plymouth Cong. Ch. (10 of which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi>)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">36.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Gill. Y. P. S. C. E., by Jessie S. Moore, Sec., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.90</cell>
</row>

<pb n="200" /><anchor id="Pg200" />

<row>
<cell>Great Barrington. James Bird, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greenfield. Mrs. E. M. Russell</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Groton. Union Cong. Ch., Mrs. Emma P. Shumway, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Groveland. Rev. L.F. Berry, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to Grand View, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.37</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hamilton.  Mrs. E. F. Knowlton and Friends, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Saluda, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Haverhill. Algernon P. Nichols, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Haverhill. Riverside Ch., 6.50;
  Fourth Ch., 2.73</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.23</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Haydenville. Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.24</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Housatonic. Prim. Sab. Sch. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ipswich. Sab. Sch. of South Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M., Fort Berthold, N. D.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lawrence. "Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Beach Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lexington. Hancock Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Malden. Miss M. F. Aiken</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Malden. First Cong. Ch. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mansfield. Ortho. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Maplewood. Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marion. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.69</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marshfield Hills. Mrs. G. H. Morss, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Medway. Dea. M. M. Fisher, 50, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi>;
  E. Fisher Richardson, 50, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Melrose. Ortho. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">31.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Melrose. Wm. W. Boynton</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Melrose Highlands. "Thank Offering"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Middleboro. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Millbury.  "Arthurs Mission," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for 2 Shares Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Milton. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for new building, Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mount Hermon. Mount Hermon Miss'y Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Natick. Rev. C. F. Robinson</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Boston. A. E. Callender</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newton. Eliot Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">90.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newton Center. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">94.77</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newton Highlands. Cong. Ch., Easter Sunday</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">110.62</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Northampton. Dorcas Society, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">55.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Brookfield. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Brookfield. Extra Cent a Day Band, First Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for a horse, Hagan, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Carver. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Northfield. Y. P. S. C. E., by Elsie Duncan</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Leominster.  Cong. Ch., 14;
  Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch., 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Leominster. Y. L. Aid Soc. of Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norton. Trin. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.08</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norton. Trin. Cong. Ch. (200 of which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for 4 Shares Jubilee Fund</hi>)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">250.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pittsfield. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">54.29</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Randolph.  Ladies' Benev. Ass'n., by Miss Abby W. Turner, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Reedville. Geo. L. Rice</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rockland. C. E. Society, 2 Bbls. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Roslindale. Cong. Ch., Children's M. Band, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Allen N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salem. South Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">141.56</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salem. Tabernacle Ch. (1 of which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi>)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">58.02</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salem. Sab. Sch. Crombie St. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Santee Indian Sch., Santee, Neb.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Somerset. Mrs. A. L. Morrill, Bbl. Goods;
  2 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for freight, for Meridian, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Deerfield. L. S. Clary</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Hadley Falls. L. M. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Hadley Falls. Cong Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.51</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Hadley Falls. Jr. End. Soc., Cong Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Weymouth. Mrs. Wm. Dyer, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Allen N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C.;
  Y. P. S. E. of North Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sterling. Evan. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.18</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stockbridge. Miss A. Byington, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stoughton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.28</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Taunton. Union Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Upton. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">38.04</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wakefield. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.98</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wakefield. "Inasmuch Circle" of King's Daughters Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waltham. Trin. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">68.56</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waltham. "Friend" <hi rend="font-style: italic">for freight to Beach Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.72</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Walpole. "Friends"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ware. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">21.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wareham. C. E. Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for freight to Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Warren. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Cumberland Gap, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Warren. Y.  P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Watertown. Phillips Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">127.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westboro. Evan. Cong. Ch., Y. L. B. Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Saluda, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westboro. Cong. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Allen N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Boxford. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westfield. ----</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Newbury. L. M. Soc., First Cong. Ch. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westport. Pacific Union Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Springfield. Park St. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">32.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Springfield. First Cong. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Stockbridge. Village Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Whitinsville. "Thank Offering," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Willbraham. "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.63</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woods Holl. Mrs. G. G. Dodge, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Worcester. Plymouth Cong. Ch. (100 of which from E. A. Goodnow, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Two Shares Jubilee Fund</hi>)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">310.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Worcester. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel R. Heywood, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Two Shares Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Worcester. Union Ch., 91.93;
  Piedmont Ch., 30;
  Chas. O. Bachelor, 10</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">131.93</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Association of Mass. and R.I., Miss Annie C. Bridgman, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  For Salaries of Teachers</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">340.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Brighton. Sab Sch. Evan. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp. Oahe, S. D.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Brimfield. Mrs. J.W. Browning, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for work for Chinese Women</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  "A Friend in Memory of her Mother," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------- 406.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">---------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$4,568.95</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ESTATE.</head>

<row>
<cell>Chelsea. Estate of Elvira L. Harding, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freedmen, Indian and Chinese M.</hi>, by Edwin D. Sibley, Adm'r</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">500.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">---------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$5,068.95</cell>
</row>
</table>

<pb n="201" /><anchor id="Pg201" />

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>RHODE ISLAND, $114.09.</head>

<row>
<cell>Central Falls. Hon. E. L. Freeman, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Two Shares Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newport. United Cong. Ch., quarterly</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.89</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Providence. Y. P. S. C. E., No. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.20</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>CONNECTICUT, $3,423.76.</head>

<row>
<cell>Abington. Rev. E. B. Pike</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Andover. C. E. Soc., by Ernest K. Post, Sec.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.68</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Berlin. Mrs. T. M. Warner, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorehead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bethlehem. "A Friend."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Branford. Cong. Ch., 5;
  A. E. Hammer, 2;
  L. J. Nichols, 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bridgeport. Second Cong. Ch., 48.60;
  West End Cong. Ch., 8.29</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">56.89</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bristol. Miss Lena J. Upson, 30;
  Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., 17.60, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">47.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bristol. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Center Brook. Ladies of Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Allen N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chaplin. Cong. Ch. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Winslow B. Gallup</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cheshire. Henry Gaylord, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Clinton. "A Friend."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cornwall. Second Cong. Ch., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Walter B. Johnson</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">37.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cornwall Hollow. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Coventry. Second Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">21.63</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cromwell. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.04</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Derby. Second Cong. Ch., 32.00 to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Edward C. Fellows</hi> L.M.;
  First Cong. Ch., 17.47</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">49.47</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Danbury. West St. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Darien. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.38</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Canaan. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Allen N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Hampton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Hartland. Cong. Ch., adl.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Haven. Cong. Ch. (15.50 of which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi>)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">35.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Enfield. Rev. O. W. Means, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Enfield. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington. C. E. Soc., by Mary J. Hart, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Franklin. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greenfield Hill. Cong. Ch., 26.26;
  Y. P. S. C. E., by M. Louise Meeker, Treas., 10</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">36.26</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Guilford. First Cong. Ch., 30 to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Laura E. Bristol</hi> L. M.;
  Capt. Chas. Griswold, 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">31.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hartford. First Cong. Ch., 124.03;
  Asylum Hill Cong. Ch., "A Friend," 10;
  Elizabeth Loomis, 4</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">138.03</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hartford.  Atwood Collins, 50;
  Daniel R. Howe, 40, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">90.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hartford. Sab. Sch. Pearl St. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Higganum. Woman's Cong. H.M. Soc. by Katharine E. Huntington, Treas.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Kent. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.46</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lisbon. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lyme. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Jonesboro, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Madison. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.87</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mansfield Center. "A Friend."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Middlefield.  Miss Anna G. Birdsey's Sab. Sch. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Middle Haddam. Second Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.52</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Britain. "Friends," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Britain. First Ch. of Christ. Box of house linen <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Marion, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Hartford. Horace Tracy Pitkin, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Hartford. North Cong. Ch., Jun. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, A. N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Hartford. Ladies' Aid Society, Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Haven. Yale Sem., Rev. S. Harris, D.D., 10;
  Mrs. C. H. Dill, 5;
  E. H. Sperry, 5;
  Wells Campbell, 3;
  J. W, Nichols, 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Haven. By Mrs. C.A. Pyne, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New London. First Ch. of Christ</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">48.62</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New London. Sab. Sch. First Ch. of Christ, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">29.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New London. Alice C. Crandall, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, A. N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New London. First Ch., Chinaman's Class in Sab. Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Chinese M. in Cal.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.89</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norfolk. Y. P. S. C. E., by Rev. H.W. Carter</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norfolk. ----, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for freight to Grand View, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.72</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Broadway Cong. Ch., Special offering <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Twenty Shares Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1,000.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Broadway Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for freight to McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.59</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Second Cong. Sab. Sch., Mrs. C. W. Morrison's Class</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.19</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Miss Rossiter, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Ladies of Park Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for freight to Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Orange. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.26</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plainfield. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.05</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plainfield. Y. P. S. C. E., by Amelia V. L. Arnold, Treas.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.01</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plainville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">28.87</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plantsville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">90.77</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plymouth. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Poquonock. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">33.81</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Portland. First Cong. Ch., Ladies' Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share, Mountain Teacher</hi> (10 of which, bal. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Wesley W. Smith</hi> L. M.)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Seymour. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.32</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Somers. "C. B. P."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stafford. Mrs. Thomas H. Thresher</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stratford. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lowell, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stratford. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Storrs. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Suffield. First Cong. Ch., 23.04, and Sab. Sch. 25 (30 of which to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Kate B. Merrill</hi> L. M. and 11.85 bal. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Nellie C. Wandke</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">48.04</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Taftville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.38</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Talcottville. Mrs S. A. Talcott, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Allen N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Terryville. Mrs. Bates, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Terryville. Allentown Sab. Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thomaston. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.19</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tolland. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">36.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Torringford. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22.58</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Trumbull. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Union. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.16</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waterbury. Second  Cong. Ch., Woman's Benev. Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp., Santee Sch.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">35.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Watertown. Cong. Ch., 35;
  Sab. Sch., 10, and Y. P. S. C. E., 5, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wallingford. Cong. Ch., Ladies' Benev. Soc., 2, and Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Saluda, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Cornwall. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Hartford. First Ch. of Christ</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.99</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Haven. First Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.22</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Haven. Wm. H. Moulthrop, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<pb n="202" /><anchor id="Pg202" />

<row>
<cell>Whitneyville. Cong. Ch., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Charles F. Clarke</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Windsor. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">51.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wilton. Cong. Ch. and C. E. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">19.52</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wilton. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Chinese Mission Home, San Francisco, Cal.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Windham. Conference of Cong. Churches, by Rev. S. H. Fellows, Register, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Congregational Home Missionary Union of Conn., Mrs. W. W. Jacobs, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Danbury. West St. Ch. Y. L. M. S. (60c. of which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Williamsburg Acad.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Hartford. First Ch. Jun. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Hartford. First Ch. "Thank Offering"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Meriden. First Ch. Guardian Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  New Britain.  So. Ch. Aux., adl.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Newington. L. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Norwich. Park Ch., 154.65;
    Broadway Ch., 150;
    Second Ch., 50;
    First Ch., 20;
    Taftville Ch., 10.35;
    Greenville Ch., 15, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Salary of a Teacher at Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">400.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------- 515.60</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEW YORK, $2,158.47.</head>

<row>
<cell>Binghamton. Mrs. Edward Taylor</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bridgewater. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. South Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">77.54</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Central Cong. Sab. Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M., Santee Agency, Neb.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">37.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. C. E. League of Clinton Av. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Lee Av. Cong. Ch., Bbl. of Groceries <hi rend="font-style: italic">for King's Mountain, N. C.</hi>, New England Ch. C. E. Soc., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi>;
  Episcopal Ch. Y. L. Guild, Pkg. Sew. Material <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Carthage. W. M. S., Box Carpet and Household Supplies, and 2 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for freight to Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Corona. Mrs. W. J. Peck, Pkg. Literature for <hi rend="font-style: italic">Beach Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Geneva. Miss Estella Fiero, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Grand Island. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ithaca. Sab. Sch. First Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Big Creek Gap, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jamestown. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., Special Easter Offering <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Hagan, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">33.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Livonia. Mrs. William Calvert and Sister</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Madison. Cong. Ch., H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Maine. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">28.89</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newark Valley. H. M. Society, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York. Broadway Tabernacle, Lucien C. Warner, M.D.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">500.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York. Lucien C. Warner, M.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi>, 50;
  Chas. L. Mead, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi>, 50;
  Misses S. L. and D. E. Emerson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi>, 50;
  Bethany Ch. Sab. Sch., 50;
  Broadway Tab., "A Friend," Jubilee Offering, 25;
  "M. C. H.," 3;
  Sab. Sch. Class Mount Hope Cong. Ch., 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">230.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York. Miss Grace H. Dodge, 2 Cases Books <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Beach Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rochester. Mrs. H. Clark, Easter Offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salamanca. Cong. Ch., adl.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.47</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Schenectady. Cong. Ch. Y. P. S. C. E., by Grace M. Chadsey, Sec., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sherburne. First Cong. Ch. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Cora H. Little</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Harriet Marsters</hi>, and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles Bickert</hi> L.M.'s</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">159.91</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sinclairville. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Warsaw. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.41</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Newark. D. J. Bothwick, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodhaven. Jr. C. E. Soc. of First Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for new building, Cal. Chinese M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Yaphank. Mrs. Hampton Overton</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">For Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Franklin. A.J. Parsons, 4;
    Miss A. E. Barnes, 2;
    "A Friend," 1;
    S. P. Smith, 50c.;
    Rufus Wood, 50c.;
    Miss A. J. Jennings, 25c.;
    Mrs. G. W. Bennet, 25c.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  New York. Dr. B. Lord</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Syracuse. D. H. Gowing</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Troy. Mrs. Christie, 2;
    Mrs. John Nhear, 2;
    Mrs. Shields, 2;
    Mrs. Cowell, 1;
    Mrs. Proudfoot, 1;
    Others, 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------- 53.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of N. Y., Mrs. J. J. Pearsall, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  W. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">200.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Antwerp. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Albany. First Ch. S. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Howard U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Albany. Clinton Av. Ch., L. A. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Brooklyn. Ch. of the Pilgrims, W. H. M. S., 100;
    Tompkins Av. Ch., King's Daughters, 50;
    Lewis Av. Ch., W. M. S., 55.00;
    Lewis Av. Ch., Evangel. Circle to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. D. E. Crocheron</hi> L.M., 36.20;
    Lewis Av., Y. P. S. C. E., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Wilbur Morris</hi> L.M., 30;
    Clinton Av. Y. L. G., 60;
    Clinton Av. L. B. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for New Chinese Mission House, San Francisco, Cal.</hi>, 25;
    So. Ch. Jun. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fort Berthold, N. D.</hi>, 15</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">371.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Buffalo. First Ch., W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Candor. Y. L. G. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Schp. Saluda, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Crown Point. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.49</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  East Rockaway. Bethany Ch. W. A.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Ithaca. W. M. S. (23.01 which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Alaska M.</hi>)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">63.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Jamesport. L. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Morrisville. C. E. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  New York City. Broadway Tab. Ch. Soc. Woman's Work</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Norwich. W. M. S., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Mary Elizabeth Decker</hi> L.M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Pokeepsie. C. E. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Industrial Work, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Riverhead. W. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">19.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Utica.  Bethesda Ch., H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Walton. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Warsaw. "Earnest Workers" to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Charles H. Fargo</hi> and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. E.R. Van Allen</hi> L.M.'s</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">60.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Watertown. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Watertown. Jun. M. C.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------- 890.19</cell>
</row>
</table>

<pb n="203" /><anchor id="Pg203" />

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEW JERSEY, $533.69.</head>

<row>
<cell>East Orange. Sab. Sch. First Cong. Ch., by Miss Georgiana Stevenson, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Orange. Mrs. C. B. Clark's Class, Bags <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Sewing Class, Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Montclair. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">335.58</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Montclair. Lot of Bedding for Talladega C., ack. in April Missionary, should read Ladies' H. M. Soc., Barrel and Bale of Goods, val. 120, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi>, and Goods for Rutland, Ga., val 52. </cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Orange Valley. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">89.75 </cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Paterson. Auburn St. Cong. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00 </cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westfield. Ladies' Miss'y Soc., Bbl, Literature  and C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of the N. J. Assn., by Mrs. J. H. Denison, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Montclair. First Cong. Ch. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>PENNSYLVANIA, $135.57.</head>

<row>
<cell>Cambridgboro. Mrs. A. B. Ross, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi>, and to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Harriette M. Ross</hi>, L.M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Milford. H. A. Summers</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Philadelphia. By J. D. Kelley, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pittsburg. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ridgway. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">51.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ridgway. First Cong. Ch. S. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Spring Creek. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.82</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Spring Creek. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>OHIO, $647.50.</head>

<row>
<cell>Akron. First Cong. Ch. (50 of which for Judge Wm. H. Upson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for share in Jubilee Fund</hi>, 110;
  West Cong. Ch., 100;
  Arlington St. Cong. Ch., 5.71</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">215.71</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Akron. Infant Class, Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Kindergarten, Memphis, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ashtabula. King's Daughters, Bbl C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Aurora. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bowling Green. James O. Troup, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Castalia. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.09</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. Euclid Av. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">46.33 </cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. Euclid Av. Cong. Ch., by previous contributions, constitutes <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Roy C. Foster</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Milly E. Brown</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Anna Bradshaw</hi>, and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Thomas Wilson</hi> L.M's. </cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. Euclid Av. Ch. Ladies' Soc., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Birmingham, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. Pilgrim Ch., quarterly, 72;
  Franklin Av. Cong. Ch., 10;
  Mrs. F. W. Low, 5</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">87.00 </cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. Pilgrim Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Coolville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dover. Jr. C. E. Soc. of Cong. Ch., Box and Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Cleveland. Miss Elizabeth Burton, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Ballard Normal Sch.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Freedom. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.41</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hamilton. Children, First Presb. Ch., Box Goods <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hudson. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jefferson. Ladies' Aid Soc., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marietta. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Madison. Y. P. S. C. E., by Miss H. E. Branch, Pres.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oberlin. Second Cong. Ch., 94.24;
  First Cong. Ch., quarterly 49.56</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">143.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oberlin. New Oberlin S. C. E., by J. M.Cook, Sec.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oberlin. First Cong. Ch., 2, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo, Miss.</hi>;
  "Friends," Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oxford. "L. E. K."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Painesville. Cong. Miss'y Soc. of Lake Erie Sem., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Ballard Normal Sch.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sandusky. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">38.46</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. Elenor M. Purcell</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Strongsville. Member Cong. Ch., adl.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ILLINOIS, $737.77.</head>

<row>
<cell>Alton. Church of the Redeemer</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">85.86</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bloomington. Mrs. M. E. Horr</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bowmansville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.39</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chapin. Prairie Sab. Sch. Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chicago. University Ch., adl. 6.50;
  Central Ch. C. E. Soc., 5</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Crescent. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.14</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Danville. C. M. Young, 50, Dr. and Mrs. S. C. T. Kingsley, 50 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for furnishing Theo. Dept., Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dundee. Cong. Ch., 21.35, and Sab. Sch., 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Earlville. "J. A. D."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Elmhurst. "M. S.," Bbl. of C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Evanston. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">118.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington. Cong. Ch. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Milton G. Brewer</hi> L.M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">56.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hinsdale. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.48</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jacksonville. "Friends."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00 </cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Joy Prairie. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>La Grange. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>La Salle. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.20 </cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Loda. Ladies' Missionary Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marseilles. Dr. R. N. Baughman, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Two Shares Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Moline. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nora. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Normal. Birthday box, S. S. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.08</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plainfield. Cong. Ch., 32.25 and Sab. Sch., 5.52, to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. I. D. Stone</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">37.77</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plymouth. W. H. M. S., Box Bedding and 1 for Freight, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$662.77</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ESTATE.</head>

<row>
<cell>Cornwall. Estate of Mrs. Samantha McConoughey, by James K. Blish</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">75.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$737.77</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MICHIGAN, $608.42.</head>

<row>
<cell>Agricultural College. Prof. R. C. Kedzie</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bay Mills. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bronson. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Church. A. W. Douglass</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Detroit. German Ch., Y. P. S. C. E., by Rev. A. Huelster, 4;
  Mount Hope Sab. Sch., 3</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dexter. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hillsdale. John W. Ford</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hudson. "Anon" (250 of which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Skyland Inst., Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi>) to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Mary E. Lane</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">James Schermerhorn</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Emma S. Todd</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Wm. M. Jenkins</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. John L. Collier</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Nancy Barr</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. E. N. Corey</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Daniel M. Fisk</hi>, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Arthur Beardsell</hi>, and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Clara Pease</hi> L.M.'s</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">500.00</cell>
</row>

<pb n="204" /><anchor id="Pg204" />

<row>
<cell>Ludington. Willie Hammond, Papers <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Olivet. Y. P. S. C. E., 8;
  Mrs. L. B. Prosser, 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Prattville. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., 1.77;
  C. E. Soc., 48c., by Rev. I. W. Bell</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Romeo. Miss E. B. Dickinson</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Three Oaks. Y. P. S. C. E., Box of C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Vicksburg. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Box Papers, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ypsilanti. Bbl. of C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of Michigan, by Mrs. E. F. Grabill, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Ann Arbor. Mrs. Clara W. Peck, Memorial, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Lincoln Acad., King's Mountain, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Benton Harbor. W. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Bridgman. W. H. M. S.,25c.;
    Cheboygan, W. H. M. S., 10;
    Greenville, W. H. M. S., 4 17;
    Greenville, Y. W. Guild, 5;
    Ludington, W. H. M. S., 5;
    Tipton, 75c., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Indian Sch., Santee, Neb.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.17</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Coloma. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Covert. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Frankfort. W. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Galesburg. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Grand Rapids. Plymouth Ch. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Homestead. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Portland. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Somerset. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Vicksburg. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Whittaker. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------- 47.67</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>IOWA, $520.89.</head>

<row>
<cell>Algona. First Cong. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E., 25;
  King's Daughters, 19, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">44.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ames. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">26.68</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Belmond. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cedar Rapids. Willing Workers. Box Literature, etc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Beach Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Clay. Cong. Ch., 14.75;
  Y. P. S. C. E., 5.40;
  Y. L. M. Soc., 3</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Garwin. Talmon Dewey</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Genoa Bluff. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Gilbert Station. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.18</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Green Mountain. "Children of Green Mountain Ch."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Iowa City. Rev M. N. Miles, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share Jubilee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mason City. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Allen N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McGregor. Mrs. J. N. Gilchrist</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minden. Mrs. P. M. Pawour, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Preston. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Winthrop. Cong. Ch., Ladies' M. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Iowa Woman's Home Missionary Union, Miss Belle L. Bentley, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Alpha. L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Cedar Rapids. First Ch., W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Clinton. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Des Moines. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.82</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Dubuque. First Ch., W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Eldon. Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Grinnell. W. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.85</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Independence. L. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.01</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Independence. Mrs. Moses's S. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Keosauqua. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Mason City. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Miles. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.93</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Mount Pleasant. S. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.68</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Sloan. Mrs. S. K. Gallaher</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Talmage. Busy Bee Miss. Band</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------- 113.33</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$320.89</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ESTATE.</head>

<row>
<cell>Denmark. Estate of Dea. Oliver Brooks, by Thomas S. Taylor, Executor</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">200.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$520.89</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>WISCONSIN, $187.27.</head>

<row>
<cell>Baraboo. L. H. M. S., Box Towels, etc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Beloit. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dodgeville. Welsh Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fond du Lac. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">21.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hartland. Mrs. Mary Le Roy, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to Tougaloo, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New London. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.69</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Portage. Mrs. G. A. Jones, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Potosi. Rev. L. B. Nobis</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rosendale. Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.81</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Milwaukee. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tomah. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.23</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Viroqua. Miss. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Washburn. Cong. Ch., L. M. S., Pkg. Sew. Material <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Whitewater. Cong, Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.39</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of Wisconsin, Mrs. C.M.  Blackman, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Arena. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.85</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Beloit. First Ch., W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Clinton. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Eau Claire. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Fond du Lac. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Fort Atkinson. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Green Bay. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Kenosha. W. M. S. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Madison. Y. L. M. S., 2.50;
    W. M. S., 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Plattville. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Windsor. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------- 83.85</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MINNESOTA, $92.09.</head>

<row>
<cell>Ash Creek. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.91</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ellsworth. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.67</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Freeborn. Cong. Ch., 7.15, and Sab. Sch., 52c.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.67</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Kanaranzi. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.58</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mazeppa. Ladies' Miss. Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Jonesboro, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minneapolis. Plymouth Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">43.54</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minneapolis.  Ladies of Lowry Hill Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Jonesboro, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minneapolis. Plymouth Cong. Ch. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for freight to King's Mountain, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ortonville. Jr. C. E. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sleepy Eye. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Worthington. Union Cong. Ch., 3.36;
  Union Cong. Sab. Sch., 2.75</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.11</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Zumbrota. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.90</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MISSOURI, $30.50.</head>

<row>
<cell>Clinton. A. C. Hancock</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Garden City. W. R. Wills, 10;
  F. P. Morlan, 1;
  I. E. Morlan, 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Index. P. M. Wills</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lebanon. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.50</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>KANSAS, $36.61.</head>


<row>
<cell>Brookville. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch. Lincoln Mem. Day Offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dover. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.15</cell>
</row>

<pb n="205" /><anchor id="Pg205" />

<row>
<cell>Hill City. Mrs. T. Garnett, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lincoln
 Sch., Meridian, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wabaunsee. First Ch. of Christ</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of
 Kansas, by Mrs. E. C. Read, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Arkansas City</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Carbondale</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">3.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Fairview</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Goshen</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Hiawatha</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">2.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Jinsley. Jr. C. E. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Oneida</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">4.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Plevna</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Salina</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Wellington</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right"></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">-----</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right"></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">$32.23</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Less State expenses</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">0.64</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 31.61</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEBRASKA, $11.04.</head>

<row>
<cell>Blair. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.24</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Columbus. Dwight, Robbie, and Elton
 Dickenson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Santee Agency. Pilgrim Ch., Lincoln
 Mem. Day Offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Weeping Water. Cong. Ch. Jun. C. E.
 Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NORTH DAKOTA, $81.64.</head>

<row>
<cell>Fort Yates. "Little Harold's Gift," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
 Share Jubliee Fund</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wahpeton. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.64</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of
 North Dakota, by Mrs. J. M. Fisher,
 Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Wahpeton. Easter Jubilee Offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">24.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>SOUTH DAKOTA, $23.22.</head>

<row>
<cell>Meekling. C. E. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Milbank. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.11</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mission Hill. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rapid City. Cong. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.46</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waubay. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ARIZONA, $10.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Prescott. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
 Aid, Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>COLORADO.</head>

<row>
<cell>Grand Junction. Ladies First Cong.
 Ch., Box C. and Papers <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo,
 Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>CALIFORNIA, $254.60.</head>

<row>
<cell>Cloverdale. Cong. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Redlands. Rebecca H. Smiley</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San Francisco. The California Chinese
 Mission, William Johnstone, Treas.
 (See items below)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">205.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ventura. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of
 Southern Cal., Mrs. Mary M. Smith,
 Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Riverside. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>OREGON, $4.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Albany. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, $228.18.</head>

<row>
<cell>Washington. Emily S. Cook</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Washington. First Cong. Ch. (50 of
 which from Genl. E. Whittlesey to const.
 <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Geo. P. Whittlesey</hi> L.M.)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">223.18</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>VIRGINIA, $20.75.</head>

<row>
<cell><hi rend="font-style: italic">For Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">The Gloucester Ed. Club</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Gloucester. By Miss S. A.
  Robinson, 3; "A Friend,"
  2; By Letters, 1.75; Miss
  M. M. Hunt, 1; N. Gregory,
  1; Mrs. G. H. Townsend, 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">9.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Ivondale. By Rev. J. Robinson</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 20.75</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>KENTUCKY, $12.26.</head>

<row>
<cell>Redash. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pioneer. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williamsburg. Williamsburg Acad., 8.08;
 Children of Primary Dept., 1.48; Jubilee
 Offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.56</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>TENNESSEE, $26.85.</head>

<row>
<cell>Bon Air. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Knoxville. Miss I. F. Hubbard</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Memphis. Missionary Union of Second
 Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nashville. King's Daughters, Fisk U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pomona. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.85</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NORTH CAROLINA, $3.06.</head>

<row>
<cell>Moncure. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day
 Offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tryon. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.06</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>GEORGIA, $25.10.</head>

<row>
<cell>Albany. Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Macon. G. C. Burrage, 2.60; Miss A. M.
 Woodruff, 2; Miss E. B. Scobie. 50c.,
 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Ballard Normal Sch.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McIntosh. A Friend, 10; Prof. Fred.
 W. Foster, 4; Mrs. M. W. Foster, 3;
 Miss C. A. Whitaker, 1; <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
 Aid, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Savannah. Box and Pkg. Literature and
Toys, source unknown, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Beach Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ALABAMA, $8.95.</head>

<row>
<cell>Ironaton. Rev. P. O. Wailes</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mobile. Cong. Ch. Sab. Sch., "Little
 Gleaners," 1; "A small class of small
 people," 50c.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sand Mountain.  Individuals, Lincoln
 Mem. Day Offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Selma. Burrell Sch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Shelby. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>LOUISIANA, $27.71.</head>

<row>
<cell>Chocahoula. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hammond. Cong. Ch. and Sab. Sch.,
 Easter Offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.71</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Orleans. Carrie E. Hodgman, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
 Student Aid, Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Orleans. Morris Brown Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>FLORIDA, $15.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Sanford. Mrs. Moses Lyman</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Winter Park. Mr. and Mrs. Nathan
 Barrows</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MISSISSIPPI, $116.65.</head>

<row>
<cell>Meridian. "Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid,
 Meridian</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Moorhead. Unknown Source, Bbl. of C.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tougaloo. Cong. Ch., 28.60; Miss Emma
 A. Robertson, 15.05; Miss A. M.
 Whitsey, 29; Miss Emma C. Redick, 14;
 Mrs. L. M. Sisson, 10; Miss Carrie E.
 Parkhurst, 10, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo
 U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">106.65</cell>
</row>
</table>

<pb n="206" /><anchor id="Pg206" />

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>TEXAS, $5.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Corpus Christi. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>----, $10.00</head>

<row>
<cell>----. "Friend."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>JAPAN, $5.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Japan. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid</hi>,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Donations</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$15,627.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Estates</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">775.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$16,402.36</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>INCOME, $807.50.</head>

<row>
<cell>Avery Fund, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mendi M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">418.82</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mrs. S. N. Brewer Endowment Fund</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.93</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>C. F. Dike Fund, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>E. B. Eldridge Endowment Fund</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">225.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fisk University. Theo. Endowment Fund</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>General Endowment Fund</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>E. A. Hand Endowment Fund</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>S. M. Strong Fund, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Saluda N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">27.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------- 807.50</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>TUITION, $4,575.15.</head>

<row>
<cell>Cappahosic, Va. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lexington, Ky. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">85.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williamburg, Ky. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">147.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Grand View, Tenn. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">72.53</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jonesboro, Tenn. Public Fund</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Knoxville, Tenn. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">35.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Memphis, Tenn. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">434.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nashville, Tenn. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">669.77</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pleasant Hill, Tenn. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">49.95</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Beaufort, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Blowing Rock, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.57</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chapel Hill. N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Enfield, N. C. Tutition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">28.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hillsboro, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>King's Mountain, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saluda, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">33.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Troy, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Whittier, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">39.27</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wilmington, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">162.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Charleston, S. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">314.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greenwood, S. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">110.42</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Albany, Ga.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">118.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Andersonville, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Atlanta, Ga. Storrs Sch. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">155.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Macon, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">207.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marietta, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marshallville, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thomasville, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">47.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McIntosh, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">78.66</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Savannah, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">151.12</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodville, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Athens, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">76.31</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marion, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">44.05</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mobile, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">85.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nat, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">48.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Selma, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">94.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Meridian, Miss. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">95.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Moorhead, Miss. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tougaloo, Miss. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">314.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Orleans, La. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">511.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Martin, Fla. Public Fund</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Orange Park, Fla. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">54.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Austin, Texas. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">88.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------- 4,575.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>      Total for April</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$21,785.01</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">===========</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>SUMMARY.</head>

<row>
<cell>Donations</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$102,727.14</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Estates</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">67,711.42</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$170,438.56</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Income</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7,160.26</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">28,066.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>    Total from Oct. 1 to April 30</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$205,664.97</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">============</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>FOR THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY.</head>

<row>
<cell>Subscriptions for April</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$42.06</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Previously acknowledged</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">358.78</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">--------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>      Total</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$400.84</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Receipts of the California Chinese Mission</hi>,
  William Johnstone, Treasurer, from February
  14 to March 21, 1896.</head>

<row>
<cell>Local Missions:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Fresno. Chinese Mon. Offs., 4;
    Annual Membs., 2;
    First Cong. Ch., 1.35</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Los Angeles. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Marysville. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Oakland. Chinese Mon. Offs., 6;
    Anniversary Offs. First Cong. Ch. (of which Rev. S. M. Freeland, 5;
    S. T. Alexander, 5;
    Mrs. H. R. Jones, 2.50;
    Mrs. F. F. Barbour, 1.50;
    Jue Sue, 5;
    Chin Wah, 2), 67</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">73.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Oroville. Chinese Mon. Offs., 2.20;
    New Year's gifts to Jesus, 5.50</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Petaluma. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Riverside. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sacramento. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San Bernardino. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San Diego. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San  Francisco. Central Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San Francisco. West Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Santa Barbara. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.05</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Santa Cruz. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ventura. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Vernondale. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Watsonville. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 152.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Prescott, Arizona. First Cong. Ch. Chinese Mission</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Worcester, Mass. "Friends"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">For Chinese Mothers and Children</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Boston, Mass. Mount Vernon Chinese Sab. Sch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  New Haven, Ct. Mrs J. E. Pond</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell> Central California. W. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------   31.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">--------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>      Total</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$205.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">========</cell>
</row>
</table>
</div>

<div>
<p>H. W. HUBBARD, Treas.,<lb />
    Bible House, N. Y.</p>
</div>

<pb n="207" /><anchor id="Pg207" />

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>WOMAN'S STATE ORGANIZATIONS</head>

<p rend="text-align: center">MAINE.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Aid to A.M.A.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">State Committee</hi>--Mrs. Ida Vose Woodbury,
Woodfords; Mrs. A.T. Burbank, Yarmouth;
Mrs. Helen Quimby, Bangor.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">NEW HAMPSHIRE.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Female Cent. Institution and Home Miss. Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. Cyrus Sargeant, Plymouth.
Secretary--Mrs. N. W. Nims, 16 Rumford St., Concord.
Treasurer--Miss Annie A. McFarland, Concord.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">VERMONT.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. J. H. Babbitt, W. Brattleboro.
Secretary--Mrs. M. K. Paine, Windsor.
Treasurer--Mrs. Wm. P. Fairbanks, St. Johnsbury.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">MASS. and R.I.<lb />
<note place="foot"><p>While the W. H. M. A. appears in this list as
a State body for Mass. and R. I., it has certain
auxiliaries elsewhere.</p></note><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Association.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. C. L. Goodell, 9 Massachusetts Ave., Boston, Mass.
Secretary--Mrs. Louise A. Kellogg, 32 Congregational House, Boston.
Treasurer--Miss Annie C. Bridgman, 32 Congregational House, Boston.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">CONNECTICUT.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Miss Ellen R. Camp, 9 Camp St., New Britain.
Secretary--Mrs. C. T. Millard, 36 Lewis St., Hartford.
Treasurer--Mrs. W. W. Jacobs, 19 Spring St., Hartford.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">NEW YORK.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. Wm. Kincaid, 483 Green Ave., Brooklyn.
Secretary--Mrs. Wm. Spalding, 511 Orange St., Syracuse.
Treasurer--Mrs. J. J. Pearsall, 230 Macon St., Brooklyn.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">NEW JERSEY.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union of the N. J. Association.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. A. H. Bradford, Montclair.
Secretary--Mrs R. J. Hegeman, 32 Forest Street, Montclair.
Treasurer--Mrs. J. H. Dennison, 150 Belleville Ave., Newark.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">PENNSYLVANIA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. J. W. Thomas, Lansford.
Secretary--Mrs. C. F. Yennie, Ridgway.
Treasurer--Mrs. T. W. Jones, 511 Woodland Terrace, Philadelphia.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">OHIO.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. Sydney Strong, Lane Seminary Grounds, Cincinnati.
Secretary--Mrs. J. W. Moore, 836 Hough Ave., Cleveland.
Treasurer--Mrs. G. B. Brown, 2116 Warren St., Toledo.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">INDIANA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. W. A. Bell, 223 Broadway, Indianapolis.
Treasurer--Mrs. A. H. Ball, Dewhurst.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">ILLINOIS.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. Issac Claflin, Lombard.
Secretary--Mrs. C. H. Taintor, 151 Washington St., Chicago.
Treasurer--Mrs. L. A. Field, Wilmette.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">MISSOURI.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. Henry Hopkins, 916 Holmes Street, Kansas City.
Secretary--Mrs. E. C. Ellis, 2456 Tracy Ave., Kansas City.
Treasurer--Mrs. K. L. Mills, 1526 Wabash Ave., Kansas City.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">IOWA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. T. O. Douglass, Grinnell.
Secretary--Mrs. H. H. Robbins, Grinnell.
Treasurer--Miss Belle L. Bentley, 300 Court Ave., Des Moines.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">MICHIGAN.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. J. M. Powell, 76 Jefferson Av., Grand Rapids.
Secretary--Mrs. C. C. Denison, 132 N. College Ave., Grand Rapids.
Treasurer--Mrs. E. F. Grabill, Greenville.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">WISCONSIN.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. E. G. Updike, Madison.
Secretary--Mrs. A. O. Wright, Madison.
Treasurer--Mrs. C. M. Blackman, Whitewater.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">MINNESOTA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Miss Katherine W. Nichols, 230 East Ninth Street, St. Paul.
Secretary--Mrs. A. P. Lyon, 17 Florence Court, S.E., Minneapolis.
Treasurer--Mrs. M. W. Skinner, Northfield.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">NORTH DAKOTA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. W. P. Cleveland, Caledonia.
Secretary--Mrs. Silas Daggett, Harwood.
Treasurer--Mrs. J. M. Fisher, Fargo.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">SOUTH DAKOTA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. A. H. Robbins, Bowdle.
Secretary--Mrs. W. H. Thrall, Huron.
Treasurer--Mrs. F. H. Wilcox, Huron.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">BLACK HILLS, SOUTH DAKOTA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union</hi>.</p>

<p>President--Mrs. J. B. Gossage, Rapid City.
Secretary--Mrs. H. H. Gilchrist, Hot Springs.
Treasurer--Miss Grace Lyman, Hot Springs.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">NEBRASKA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. D. B. Perry, Crete.
Secretary--Mrs. H. Bross, 2904 Second Street, Lincoln.
Treasurer--Mrs. James W. Dawes, Crete.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">KANSAS.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. F. E. Storrs, Topeka.
Secretary--Mrs. George L. Epps, Topeka.
Treasurer--Mrs. E. C. Read. Parsons.</p>


<pb n="208" /><anchor id="Pg208" />


<p rend="text-align: center">COLORADO.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. E. R. Drake, 2739 Lafayette Street, Denver.
Secretary--Mrs. Chas. Westley, Box  508, Denver.
Treasurer--Mrs. B. C. Valantine, Highlands.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">WYOMING.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. P. F. Powelson, Cheyenne.
Secretary--Mrs. J. A. Riner, Cheyenne.
Treasurer--Mrs. H. N. Smith, Rock Springs.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">MONTANA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. O. C. Clark, Missoula.
Secretary--Mrs. W. S. Bell, 410 Dearborn Ave., Helena.
Treasurer--Mrs. Herbert E. Jones, Livingston.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">IDAHO.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. R. B. Wright, Boise.
Secretary--Mrs. E. A. Paddock, Weiser.
Treasurer--Mrs. D. L. Travis, Pocatello.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">WASHINGTON.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. A. J. Bailey, 1614 Second Ave., Seattle.
Secretary--Mrs. W. C. Wheeler, 424 South K. Street, Tacoma.
Treasurer--Mrs. J. W. George, 620 Fourth Street, Seattle.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">OREGON.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. F. Eggert, The Hill, Portland.
Secretary--Mrs. George Brownell, Oregon City.
Treasurer--Mrs. W. D. Palmer, 546 Third Street, Portland.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">CALIFORNIA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Society.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. E. S. Williams, 572 12th Street, Oakland.
Secretary--Mrs. L. M. Howard, 911 Grove Street, Oakland.
Treasurer--Mrs. J. M. Haven, 1329 Harrison Street, Oakland.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. Warren F. Day, 253 S. Hope St., Los Angeles.
Secretary--Mrs. W. J. Washburn, 1900 Pasadena Ave., Los Angeles.
Treasurer--Mrs. Mary M. Smith, Public Library, Riverside.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">NEVADA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. L. J. Flint, Reno.
Secretary--Mrs. Margaret N. Magill, Reno.
Treasurer--Mrs. Mary Clow, Reno.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">UTAH (Including Southern Idaho).<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. Clarence T. Brown, Salt Lake City, Utah.
Secretary--Mrs. W. S. Hawkes, 135 Sixth Street, E., Salt Lake City, Utah.
Treasurer--Mrs. Dana W. Bartlett, Salt Lake City, Utah.
Secretary for Idaho--Mrs. Oscar Sonnenkalb, Pocatello, Idaho.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">NEW MEXICO.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. C. E. Winslow, Albuquerque.
Secretary--Mrs. E. W. Lewis, 301 So. Edith Street, Albuquerque.
Treasurer--Mrs. H. W. Bullock, Albuquerque.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">OKLAHOMA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. J. H. Parker, Kingfisher.
Secretary--Mrs. L. E. Kimball, Guthrie.
Treasurer--Mrs. L. S. Childs, Choctaw City.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">INDIAN TERRITORY.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. John McCarthy, Vinita.
Secretary--Mrs. Fayette Hurd, Vinita.
Treasurer--Mrs. R. M. Swain, Vinita.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">NORTH CAROLINA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. S. S. Sevier, McLeansville.
Secretary and Treasurer--Miss A. E. Farrington, Oaks.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">GEORGIA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. H. B. Wey, 253 Forest Avenue, Atlanta.
Secretary--Mrs. H. A. Kellam, Atlanta.
Treasurer--Miss Virginia Holmes, Barnesville.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">FLORIDA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. S. F. Gale, Jacksonville.
Secretary--Mrs. Nathan Barrows, Winter Park.
Treasurer--Mrs. W. D. Brown, Interlachen.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">ALABAMA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. M. A. Dillard, Selma.
Secretary--Mrs. J. S. Jackson, Montgomery.
Treasurer--Mrs. E. C. Silsby, Talladega.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">TENNESSEE, KENTUCKY and ARKANSAS.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union of the Tennessee Association.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. G. W. Moore, Box 8, Fisk Univ., Nashville.
Secretary--Mrs. E. J. Lewis, 15 Echols Street, Memphis.
Treasurer--Mrs. J. E. Moreland, 216 N. McNairy Street, Nashville.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">MISSISSIPPI.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. C. L. Harris, 1421 31st Avenue, Meridian.
Secretary--Mrs. Edith M. Hall, Tougaloo Univ., Tougaloo.
Treasurer--Mrs. L. H. Turner, 3012 12th Street, Meridian.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">LOUISIANA.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. C. M. Crawford, Hammond.
Secretary--Mrs. Matilda Cabrère, New Orleans.
Treasurer--Mrs. L. St. J. Hitchcock, Straight Univ., New Orleans.</p>


<p rend="text-align: center">TEXAS.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></p>

<p>President--Mrs. J. M. Wendelkin, Dallas.
Secretary--Mrs. H. Burt, Lock Box 563, Dallas.
Treasurer--Mrs. C. I. Scofield, Dallas.</p>


</div>
</div>

</body>

<back rend="page-break-before: right">
<div>
<pgIf output="pdf">
  <then>
      <div>
        <divGen type="footnotes" />
      </div>
  </then>
  <else>
      <div>
        <head>Footnotes</head>
        <divGen type="footnotes" />
      </div>
  </else>
</pgIf>
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: right">
<divGen type="pgfooter" />
</div>

</back>

    </text>
</TEI.2>

<!--
A WORD FROM PROJECT GUTENBERG


This file should be named 19890-tei.txt or 19890-tei.zip.

This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:


    http://www.gutenberg.org/dirs/1/9/8/9/19890/


Updated editions will replace the previous one — the old editions will be
renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one
owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and
you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission
and without paying copyright royalties. Special rules, set forth in the
General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and
distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the Project
Gutenberg™ concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered
trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you
receive specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of
this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given away
— you may do practically _anything_ with public domain eBooks.
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.


THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE


_Please read this before you distribute or use this work._

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or
any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project Gutenberg”),
you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg™
License (available with this file or online at
http://www.gutenberg.org/license).


Section 1.


General Terms of Use & Redistributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works


1.A.


By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™ electronic work,
you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the
terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright)
agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this
agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of
Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession. If you paid a fee
for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work
and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may
obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set
forth in paragraph 1.E.8.


1.B.


“Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be used on or
associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be
bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few things that you can
do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying
with the full terms of this agreement. See paragraph 1.C below. There are
a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg™ electronic works if you
follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to
Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.


1.C.


The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the Foundation” or
PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States. If an individual
work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in
the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying,
distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on
the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of
course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of
promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project
Gutenberg™ works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for
keeping the Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can
easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when you
share it without charge with others.

This particular work is one of the few copyrighted individual works
included with the permission of the copyright holder. Information on the
copyright owner for this particular work and the terms of use imposed by
the copyright holder on this work are set forth at the beginning of this
work.


1.D.


The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you
can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant
state of change. If you are outside the United States, check the laws of
your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before
downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating
derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg™ work.
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of
any work in any country outside the United States.


1.E.


Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:


1.E.1.


The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access
to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear prominently whenever
any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work on which the phrase
“Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the phrase “Project Gutenberg”
is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or
distributed:


    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
    almost no restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away
    or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License
    included with this eBook or online at http://www.gutenberg.org


1.E.2.


If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is derived from the
public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with
permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and
distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or
charges. If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you
must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7
or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.


1.E.3.


If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted with the
permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply
with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed
by the copyright holder. Additional terms will be linked to the Project
Gutenberg™ License for all works posted with the permission of the
copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.


1.E.4.


Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™ License
terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any
other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.


1.E.5.


Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic
work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying
the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate
access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg™ License.


1.E.6.


You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed,
marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word
processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format other than
“Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official version posted
on the official Project Gutenberg™ web site (http://www.gutenberg.org),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other form.
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg™ License as
specified in paragraph 1.E.1.


1.E.7.


Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing,
copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works unless you comply
with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.


1.E.8.


You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or
distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works provided that

    - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
      the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you
      already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed to
      the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has agreed to
      donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project Gutenberg
      Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid within 60
      days following each date on which you prepare (or are legally
      required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty payments
      should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project Gutenberg
      Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in Section 4,
      “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
      Archive Foundation.”

    - You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™ License.
      You must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the
      works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and
      all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™ works.

    - You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
      any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
      electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
      receipt of the work.

    - You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
      distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.


1.E.9.


If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg™ electronic
work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this
agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael Hart, the owner of the
Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in
Section 3 below.


1.F.


1.F.1.


Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to
identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain
works in creating the Project Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these
efforts, Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, and the medium on which they
may be stored, may contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to,
incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright
or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk
or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot
be read by your equipment.


1.F.2.


LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES — Except for the “Right of
Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg™
trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg™
electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for
damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE
NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH
OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3. YOU AGREE THAT THE
FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL,
PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.


1.F.3.


LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND — If you discover a defect in this
electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund
of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to
the person you received the work from. If you received the work on a
physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect
to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund. If you received the
work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose
to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in
lieu of a refund. If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a
refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.


1.F.4.


Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in
paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ’AS-IS,’ WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.


1.F.5.


Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the
exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages. If any disclaimer or
limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state
applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make
the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state
law. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement
shall not void the remaining provisions.


1.F.6.


INDEMNITY — You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark
owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of
Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and
any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs
and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from
any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of
this or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any Defect
you cause.


Section  2.


           Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™


Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic
works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including
obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It exists because of the
efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks
of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance
they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s goals and ensuring
that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for
generations to come. In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for
Project Gutenberg™ and future generations. To learn more about the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations
can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation web page at
http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.


   Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation


The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of
Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.
Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/pglaf. Contributions to the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full
extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.

The Foundation’s principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr.
S. Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations. Its business office is located at 809 North
1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org. Email contact links and up to date contact information
can be found at the Foundation’s web site and official page at
http://www.pglaf.org

For additional contact information:


    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org


Section 4.


  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
                                Foundation


Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the
number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed
in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment
including outdated equipment. Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are
particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable
effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these
requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not
received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND DONATIONS or
determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit
http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have
not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against
accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us
with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any
statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the
United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation methods
and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including
checks, online payments and credit card donations. To donate, please
visit: http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/donate


Section 5.


      General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works.


Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg™
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with
anyone. For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project Gutenberg™
eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed editions,
all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S. unless a copyright
notice is included. Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance
with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook’s eBook
number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII, compressed
(zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected _editions_ of our eBooks replace the old file and take over the
old filename and etext number. The replaced older file is renamed.
_Versions_ based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:


    http://www.gutenberg.org


This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg™, including how
to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation,
how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email
newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
-->
